 The plots were thin, there was little development of character and they were loaded down by excessive sentiment, especially when compared to what she was writing concurrently in her diary.
 “See what I mean?” the voice shouted over my moans.
 What I want to do with the animals requires new material preserved in diverse ways, but it doesn't require me to be there.
 I do it based off of what I'm trying to get done because I have my neuroscience final study schedule.
 While this is a far cry from revealing to us what we ought to do, the research program seems full of promise nonetheless.
 You know what it is?
 Um, the job was out at UCSB, I went and estimated the job for myself, to see if I could take the job, for what he wanted to pay for it, and I let him know that I could not.
 Um, uh pretty much, um, what Mitchell has stated is untrue.
 Whosoever will may come.
 He reminded us of who we are and where we need to go, but we must now turn the spirit of his words into action.
 Mom always tries to get her to say what she wants, but I know what she wants and I don’t want to fight with her.
 But Einstein showed that there is an intimate connection between space and time, and that only by considering the two together—in what we call spacetime—can we build up a correct picture of the physical world.
 An exchange student who goes home after a semester abroad or a sociologist who returns from the field may find it difficult to associate with the values of their own culture after having experienced what they deem a more upright or nobler way of living.
 In all the decisions I have made in my public life, I have always tried to do what was best for the Nation.
 When he will, and whom he will.
 Thank you very much for what you’re doing.
 He changed his mind, however, before re-embarking on the journey back to Scotland, and after journeying on foot in several parts of what is today Germany, in 1655 he enlisted at Hamburg into the military service of Sweden.
 Wikinews spoke with William Evans, president of the International Brotherhood of Magicians, about the current state of magic and what its future looks like in the world of entertainment.
 Farrier is what they're called.
 Position a large mirror so you can check your positioning and see what you're doing.
 By virtue of growing up in a culture, children learn what certain actions and objects mean, how their society operates, and what the rules are for appropriate behavior.
 “What is it they say in yoga class?
 And this is what Luther writes to Erasmus.
 Well you have — you have — you have that — I have a breakdown here, of what we paid Mitchell's men, if you'd like to see that.
 There, he started a project called FrameNet, an on-line structured description of the English lexicon implementing much of what he had earlier proposed more theoretically in his theory of Frame semantics, while implementing the idea of emphasizing example sentences from corpora.
 What the results showed was that grit and perseverance were better predictors of academic success and achievement than talent or IQ.
 What we are talking about here is called grit or resilience.
 Oh stop guessing at what this is.
 The single most costly thing we spend on is rent and advertising, those two together make up the bulk of what we spend.
 Uh, is that what all those square root of twos are?
 The Straits Times noted what began as individual messages to Mohamed had grown into a "support movement".
 In American culture (and many others), a wink often indicates that someone is joking around and that whatever they’ve just said or done should not be taken seriously.
 Lots of ingredients in it that kinda like counteracts what you would typically want for your hair.
 The mixture will now curdle and this is what should be happening.
 I will definitely insert a little clip here that will show you what the shelf life symbol looks like on products.
 One thing that I should say ... is that like all research, the outcome of what we are doing is highly uncertain.
 To show what Einstein’s insight really means, let’s first consider how we locate an event in space and time.
 It recently published its 50,000th article, and to discuss what the site has achieved since its creation, Wikinews interviewed the site's founder, Jack Herrick.
 So I approached him with it, and he handed me this yellow piece of paper here, and noted that, what the employees made, and uh, at twenty-six percent less deduction on these two employees.
 And scientists are, are taking such control over the world these days, uh with their n-, you know, not the scientists, but what they've invented.
 Do whatever it is you’ve been daydreaming about so that the temptation is removed once you get back to work.
 "Pop art was about what popular American culture really thought was important", Kathryn Waters said.
 What we could do, however, was to study anatomy and figure out what it is, so that when we have samples preserved for studying e.g., the genome, transcriptome, or metabolome, or conduct tests of the fluid in the burrows or in the animals themselves, we can make precise comparisons, and figure out what these animals have or do (metabolically or chemically) that lets them live where they live.
 Writers will occasionally write their own headlines, but we come up with a list of 15 or 20 headline ideas, what we think will make a good story and then we assign it based upon what people’s writing strengths are.
 This is Brendler now, obs- – uh on this uh, but this sets the stage for what we're gonna talk about.
 Perhaps when you were a child, someone told you what a wink was and showed you how to accomplish one; or perhaps you just witnessed a few winks, figured out what they meant from their contexts, and then learned how to accomplish one through trial and error.
 Ask around to see what they've been saying about you.
 I turned to Whitman to find some understanding of what is happening in the world right now.
 See what else we got here.
 We seem to think moral questions have correct answers; that the correct answers are made correct by objective moral facts; that moral facts are wholly determined by circumstances; and that, by engaging in moral conversation and argument, we can discover what these objective facts are.
 And it shows what we can achieve, what more we can discover, not just about distant places, but about our very own planet and climate, like NASA’s Earth System Observatory that we launched last year.
 If desired, the snitch is able to do whatever he or she wants to avoid capture.
 You know, all the way down to the hoof, and then, the bone in the hoof, and, then all the wall, and, you know, of the hoof, and, what everything was called there, and then, he went over on how to trim it, and where you —
 After a short break you come back to your list and write down a summary of what you know about each item on your list.
 Audio-visual displays, detailed exhibits, gives visitors a sense of what this town was like centuries ago.
 Anyways I just wanted to show you guys this is what our shoes look like every day after we get done hiking in Glacier.
 The Polaroid format is not what made Warhol famous, however, he is in the company of other well-known photographers who used the camera, such as Ansel Adams, Chuck Close, Walker Evans, Robert Mapplethorpe, and Helmut Newton.
 Whatever the reasons behind the duel, Galois was so convinced of his impending death that he stayed up all night writing letters to his Republican friends and composing what would become his mathematical testament, the famous letter to Auguste Chevalier outlining his ideas, and three attached manuscripts. [22]
 Who – who was it that's –
 What you had for b- — But no, huit.
 So you can come back home and revisit what you need to do and, you know, where the team's at.
 The idea is to play fish except every time you get a match you’re supposed to do what it says.
 I compared the things I saw under the 'scopes to what had been published on other species in this group.
 The technology that Frank and his colleagues are using to explore the ice is so important because, given our lack of data, we have no reasonable expectation of what it should be like, or what it shouldn't be like.
 I would say only that if some of my judgments were wrong--and some were wrong--they were made in what I believed at the time to be the best interest of the Nation.
 The first inhabitants of what would be named the Americas migrated across this bridge in search of food.
 In any case, what we're doing is now is breaking across ministry and municipality and national government because this says nothing about the level of the government or the departments.
 This is what people care about, the air quality, PM2.5 in Taiwan.
 This is what we came out with.
 For our readers who are unaware of your site, could you briefly explain what wikiHow is?
 After this, you still do not stop, but instead you change your approach to use other methods that keep what you have learned fresh in your mind.
 Yeah, what you see on Studio 60 and 30 Rock, those are scripted writers rooms.
 Guess what that is!
 Nida brings in the reminder that while there are no such things as "identical equivalents" in translating, what one must in translating seek to do is find the "closest natural equivalent".
 Everybody tell him what this is, it's ...
 In the interview, Herrick explains what wikiHow is, why he decided to create it, how he grew it in size, and why he chose to use a Creative Commons license (HyperLink) for his site.
 I forgot what I was think- —
 From a systematic comparison of 10 spoken languages from 5 continents we find evidence suggesting that a word like ‘Huh?’ – used as a ‘repair initiator’ when, for example, one has not clearly heard what someone just said [5], [6] – is a universal word.
 I have heard families in the South Pacific who fear their lives being swept away by rising seas; young refugees in the Middle East yearning for a return to school and home; Ebola survivors in North Kivu struggling to rebuild their lives; women demanding equality and opportunity; people of all beliefs and traditions who suffer simply because of who they are; and so many others.
 It was a really weird tiring semester, I think, relatively, compared to last semester, so you know, it is what it is.
 What I like about these is that they're tennis shoe-like then they have the rubber soles on the front for if you're walking through, like, wet grass areas and the grip on these guys are amazing.
 Rather than passively attempting to absorb new information, you will learn how to make conscious decisions about the methods of learning you will use (based on what you intend to do with the information), how you will select and use learning materials that are appropriate for your needs, and how persistent you will be in the learning activity.
 This is what Erasmus asked.
 We have to have knowledge of the history of magic and what has been done before.
 No, I was just trying to figure out what we spent already.
 Your exposure to this is probably primarily what you see in movies, scanning magazines, scanning the Internet, just snippets everywhere.
 There is no resting for any one of us till we redeem our pledge in full, till we make all the people of India what destiny intended them to be.
 People were encouraged to submit their designs online at www.flag.govt.nz and suggest what the flag should mean on www.standfor.co.nz.
 When something else—a beam of light, an electron, or the starship Enterprise—enters such a region of distorted spacetime, its path will be different from what it would have been in the absence of the matter.
 We hire the opposite of what you'd think we would hire, what the average person would think we would hire.
 Who takes the decisions, do it with less ideology.
 It will enhance what we know about the origins of our universe, our solar system, and possibly life itself.
 By comparing my observations to what my colleagues and predecessors had found, I figured out what group it belongs to, and was able to determine that within that group, it was a new species.
 And after the war, I had buried my children, all four, in white linen shrouds in the new graveyards plowed into what used to be our farmland: all the land stretching from the river delta to the hills.
 Flourishing from roughly 2000 BCE to 900 CE in what is now Mexico, Belize, Honduras, and Guatemala, the Maya perfected the calendar and written language the Olmec had begun.
 If a player is pegged they have to stop what they're doing and pay a penalty; i.e. (drop the quaffle in the case of a chaser) and run back to and touch their goal post or alternatively sit down for 10 seconds.
 A dancing studio is equipped with mirrors for correcting your positioning and seeing what you're doing accurately, and a barre for practicing. [1]
 "I think Siri died, they scooped him out and threw him away and you're some whole other kid that just, just grew back out of what was left.
 Although no one knows what happened to the Olmec after about 400 BCE, in part because the jungle reclaimed many of their cities, their culture was the base upon which the Maya and the Aztec built.
 Whatever it is that the common Manhattan water-pixie uses for blood.
 See what this says.
 In the novel Dark Matters I think what interested me in the structure was two thing: simple narrative and email.
 At the sound of his name, Chalmers felt himself move robotically, his mind screaming in protest against what his legs were doing.
 In fact, what I'll do, is I will take this sweater off, and put the —
 Continually moving southward, the settlers eventually populated both North and South America, creating unique cultures that ranged from the highly complex and urban Aztec civilization in what is now Mexico City to the woodland tribes of eastern North America.
 Of what he was about.
 This accomplishes two things: first, you are able to immediately spot areas where you need to learn more, and second, you can check your summaries against the text to make certain what you know is correct and adequate.
 It was not very hard to explain what really happened, he thought.
 Just what you've always needed.
 Some may not know exactly what Stardust or Stardust @ home is.
 “You see what it’s like.
 So really I was just very very overwhelmed and anxious so it took a few days for me to really process what happened.
 Force yourself to work productively for ten minutes, and then go back to whatever it was you were doing.
 And whoever dwells in the past, doesn’t understand the future because the past is full of prejudices, of commitments.
 In this example, while you may not have yet achieved complete success, you will have learned what you need to do next.
 The games have features like increasing challenges, rules that establish what can and cannot be done, and involvement of the player in the quest to gain skills and win the game (Kirriemuir & McFarlane, 2004; Prensky, 2005).
 So now ISIS has the oil, and what they don't have, Iran has.
 And I also think I put way too much emphasis on what I look like, and the fact that I'm putting this on the internet and that I, like, get like this for the internet, is huge for me, it's always been huge for me, but also it's really hard when I'm editing.
 So you heard it people: whatever she said.
 Looking round me again, I saw that, quite near, what I had taken to be a reddish mass of rock was moving slowly towards me.
 Thus, in contrast to what has been presumed for interjections in general [7], [8] and for huh? in particular [9], [10], we find that this item is linguistic in nature rather than being a mere grunt or non-lexical sound.
 In other words, apart from thinking about how we ought to live, and where our moral sense comes from, we can also ask what it means to affirm a particular answer to that question, how we could come to know the answer, and whether the answer would be a matter of fact or more like an opinion.
