 Then, of course, there is the evidence the jury did not hear about in the Robinson case.. .
 They are surrounded by a second wider circle of direct supporters, planners, commanders, preachers, all of whom make a living, usually a very comfortable living, by serving as terror infrastructure .
 Also I am still thinking about the Matisse we discussed before but as you can see, I have a lot of other artists I am interested in and it may remain on the back burner because we already have one .
 Because of an international medical convention ongoing in Washington at the same time as our meetings, the Grand Hyatt unfortunately is already booked .
 The sales men were very knowledgeable about every aspect of every car we looked at .
 I know a lot of people say to wait until he calls you, but it's different because I'm a client and technically that's all I am at this point .
 There was not one ounce of caring involved and anyone I can warn about the complete lack of service will be warned .
 The bombings implicated Muslims, and exacerbated regional tensions which the Bush regime and its friends wearing the brass in the Philippine military sought to exploit .
 Doctor Gonzales and his entire staff are the most professional people I have ever dealt with .
 In January 1998 Fabio Tollis and Chiara Marino, both just 16, disappeared .
 In the world press, commentators predict that Katrina will make a profound change in the way the US is perceived at home and abroad, especially following the scenes of poverty and racial divisions they believe the disaster has revealed .
 We feed the chickens scraps of veggies and fruits throughout the day, but it's nothing that a rabbit wouldn't be able to digest just fine .
 If you want to help, please send them to everyone you know who needs to read them .
 Recently, I read an email that reported the horrific nightmare Civet Cats go through by sick losers who put them in sheds and heat the inside of the sheds up to 110 degrees with fires, so that they can periodically scrape the sweat off of their genitals and sell it to corrupt corporations who use it to prolong the scent of perfumes .
 In the mean time, we need to make sure that we are doing everything we can to get a handle on the situation to mitigate future costs .
 i couldn't be more happier with the way my garage looks .
 I've had a few great shots ruined myself because there was something in the background I didn't notice at first .
 The only reason I switched away from them in the first place is because my good friend who apprenticed with them was starting out on his own .
 To answer Barry White, yes that did occur to me :) I hope that is all he's waiting for .
 If you can pass this info along, and ask everyone you know to forward it to their contacts, etc, we may have a shot at pulling this off .
 I spent 3 months going from shop to shop trying to get my Ferrari to run and drive the way it should .
 That was the last Ismat heard from her .
 But I had my cat spayed through their reduced/free spay and neuter program and the vet they sent us to was first of all a hour and a half away, and 4 days later we had to bring them to our normal vet because the vets at the place in wisconsin did a crappy job and they got infections .
 This is one of the worst places I have stayed, we cut out stay short and went to the Mulberry .
 Our distinguished colleagues in this business transaction include the sitting vice-president of the United States of America, Richard Cheney, who is an original partner in the Iraq venture and former head of the Halliburton oil company, and Condoleeza Rice, whose professional dedication to the venture was demonstrated in the naming of a Chevron oil tanker after her .
 The first thing you notice when you arrive on location is that the waiting line literally goes out the door and spills into the parking lot .
 This is the year you're going to be doing a lot of travel and learning about your world, as expansion is the theme .
 On the other hand, a certain transition democracy, as in Jordan, may be a better temporary solution, paving the way for the real thing, perhaps in the same way that an immediate sudden democracy did not work in Russia and would not have worked in China .
 Your answer doesn't do anything but remind me that I'm going to be $25,000 in debt by the time I'm 22 .
 as an example they took payment for 5 out of 6 monthly plan premiums for a yearly policy and cancelled the contract for the remainder of the policy for reasons they stated was not receiving information on other licensed drivers in the household  ?
 The phones and networks are compatible, so the only reason it wouldn't work would be if you have, say, a cheap cell phone company. .
 The post id I am looking at for Calgary is 11608 .
 $3.8bn - Amount in the Superfund trust fund for toxic site clean-ups in 1995, the Year "polluter pays" fees expired .
 Please find enclosed EES's request for Volumes for PGE CityGate delvery effective 11/1/01 :
 ‘’It was the first time that Bush totally focused on the Taliban threat rather than Al Qaeda with the Pakistanis,’’ says a Western diplomat .
 This store is by far the worst Verizon store I've been in .
 As we are living in an age where intellectual capital is so valuable, it is important for every young person to obtain the very best possible education they can .
 I'm 22, and my hairdresser was great (and not "old" like one of the reviews says) - she really listened to what I wanted and gave me tons of tips on how to style my hair so I could get it to look the way I wanted it to .
 All I say is, it works .
 The mysteries of the universe continue to attract and intrigue you, as you apply your mystical awareness to the important decisions upcoming in your life, especially concerning partnerships of all kinds .
 extend the time he is out each day, but for the first month, always put him in his room at night, so he feels safe to sleep .
 Every time we go they seem to have a different ingredient or two which keeps things interesting .
 Bloom Legal was really attentive to my problem, and Seth Bloom took the time to help me understand the legal issue I was dealing with .
 Well, sure enough, when I heard the cats "Meowing," I imagined the hellish moments these poor beautiful creatures of God were living, what went on in their tiny, sweet little minds, and decided that I want to do something about this torture .
 3 = Number of 11 September hijackers whose entry visas came through special US-Saudi "Visa Express" programme .
 The early days were the days of competition between Paul and his wife and John and his wife and he knew he had to compete with ugly John for the leadership of the band in front of their wives and having Yoko Ono made him aware of his lack of virility and repressed homosexuality, he grew the beard that we see in the "Let it Be" film and started to show pictures of naked women in the same film, doing every effort he could to be seen as a man... .
 He is kind of hate walking with leash, every time I put the leash on, he will try to bite it .
 It was the first time i had left a salon with my hair curly .
 1972 - Year that Bush walked away from his pilot duties in the Texas National Guard, Nearly two years before his six-year obligation was up .
 Your life might take on an entirely new direction you've never dreamed of .
 This is the most humble gym you will every step into.... if you dare to work on your body don't be surprised when you see how addicting going to FITNESS UNLIMITED can be! !
 In this day its rare to find such wonderful people who CARE , Not the kind of want to make cash .
 5 - Number of years the Bush administration said in 2003 that global warming must be further studied before substantive action could be taken .
 But like i said nothing ever came of It.. the next time I saw him He had told Me he had To get married to a girl Who he worked with becuse he knocked Her Up. .
 And between the time I began my research and the time I applied, the minimum score did change once .
 Last time I got a medium rat it was a girl and my snake handled her easily .
 62 - Percentage of gas masks that army investigators discovered did Not work properly in autumn 2002 .
 I highly recommend Debi, she does an amazing job, I "love" the way she cuts my hair, extremely thorough and cross checks her work to make sure my hair is perfect .
 Is he on his last legs or is it conceivable that he could be around for another 15 years as is claimed by some of the sources ive been looking at ?
 Is there anyone else we should tell ?
 2.5 - Number of hours after Rumsfeld learnt that Osama bin Laden was a suspect in the 11 September attacks that he brought up reasons to "hit" Iraq .
 It's fine - just make sure that the room the cage is in is kept warm .
 Seems like all they care about is the money and getting home on time, NO care for the customers AT ALL!! !
 All I can say is that I am glad I went in !
 11. In Events of Default, clause (a) refers to a dispute section which I'm not sure exists .
 680 - Number of suspected al-Qa'ida members that the United States admits are detained at Guantánamo Bay, Cuba .
 Abby is our beloved friend, and we are trying to raise money for her any way we can, so this prize money is important to help her continue to receive her life-saving treatments .
 Scott Miller has been a godsend -- somebody not afraid to tell it like it is .
 Many of us have burrowed beneath the surface to find a spiritual sense of being, an understanding force at least as powerful as those we succumbed to, and many of use wouldn't escape if you opened the front door .
 I FUCKING HATE THIS PLACE EVERY TIME i GO THIS HOT CHICK SHOWS UP AND i MEAN REALLY HOT BUT SHE IS LIKE REAAAALLY DUMB AND THEN THEIR IS THIS OTHER CHICK THAT IS REALY UGLY BUT SHE IS LIKE SUPER SMART SHE COULD BE A SCIENTIST, BUT THEN THEIR IS THIS STONER WHO ALWAYS COMES HERE HIGH AND HE ALWAYS BRINGS HIS FUCKING DOG WHO IS SO HIGH FROM THE SECOND HAND SMOKE I THINK HE IS TRYING TO TALK .
 A country deserves the leaders it has, my friends.. .
 The name started as a joke boasting about the amount of information the search-engine would be able to search .
 when i watched werewolf in london ( great film) that was the only time i saw the yorkshire moors .
 It took all the courage I could muster to make an appointment .
 I have finally found a mechanic I trust! !
 This is the year you'll want to take stock of your career and ask yourself if you're doing the work you want to do for the rest of your life .
 I've referred everyone i know here and they all feel the same way! !
 Whie I don't subscribe to the notion that the things we watch or listen to have no effect on our behavior (which I think is patently rediculous), it does bother me when people single out a specific group of people to pin the blame on .
 But that means nothing, since they weren't the sort of things guys like Bush told the "girls" .
 She also seems to hate it whenever I ask her out on a date, to the point she said stop !
 90 - Percentage of Americans who approved of the way Bush was handling his job as president on 26 September 2001 .
 From the moment you enter the restaurant, you know you are some place special .
 Can you accept that the road we are travelling points toward a grim and painful future ?
 The President is very eager to go ahead quickly and get this vote, because he very much wants to have Samuel Alito on the Supreme Court, to be judging the cases Bush is interested in .
 In the three years I have been here, I am unaware of an ENA/ECT bad faith claim against any insurance company .
 With respect to First Union National Bank, the draft we were working from was so old that they agreed to look at our current form of agreement which was sent to them on 11/8/00 for review .
 I called reception to ask if they knew the state the room was in and was told "This is a Days Inn, not the Hilton" and the receptionist then hung up on me .
 It's without a doubt, the best service experience I've ever had and just to be clear, the price he charged me was the same as my tire guy in Nashville's price for putting on the other rear tire .
 the room you sleep in is best (seeing you so relaxed that you are sleeping will send the message that everything is OK), but others will work just as well .
 After going to the hospital and paying ER prices ... there is no way I won't be back here! !
 Bill Hewlett and Dave Packard tossed a coin to decidewhether the company they founded would be called Hewlett-Packard or Packard-Hewlett .
 Given the chance your cat may only have one kidney, I would think the worst case scenario would be kidney disease, which untreated can lead to possible renal failure .
 Yes, it is true that some people don't like the way they think he will vote on the Supreme Court .
 GOODWYN: The candidate Mr. Bush was working for, Red Blount, had gotten rich in Alabama in the construction business .
 The people abandoned their farms and religious sites and the ground they stood on became moorland .
 By the time it was over, Bush had served nearly two years .
 But in the meantime, highly recommend jeans and long sleeves anytime you'll be interacting with the kittens .
 The only difference we noticed is that the EPM horses seemed to do worse on the smaller tracks after .
 Now that's a post I can relate to .
 So I have a VERY long list of people I want to make Xmas gifts for and one of them is my best friend .
 This has to be some of the worst pizza I have ever had the misfortune of ordering .
 We have attended A Ward Dance Centre for over a year and really enjoy the friendly and welcoming way we are taught Ballroom and Latin as well as the fun filled social dance evening held every Saturday evening... .
 We then called the office and the man we spoke to said he'd send someone out to look at it but couldn't promise when- two weeks came and went and we heard nothing .
 Both have shared this country for the last 14 centuries and there is no possible way that one can live without the other .
 Will be getting a copy of the blood results the owner has already ran as well .
 I've stayed at this fabulous little motel two years running, and I have to say it's one of the best lodging experiences I've ever had on the coast...and I'm even comparing it to the big resorts I've stayed at !
 Attached for your review are draft talking points for the Cal Energy Markets conference I'm speaking at on Thursday in SF .
 500 - Number of days Bush has spent all or part of his time away from the White House at his ranch in Crawford, Texas, his parents' retreat in Kennebunkport, Maine, or Camp David as of 1 April 2004 .
 I could not go to their country and demand they slaughter and sell an animal as meat the way I prefer to eat it .
 But other people do like the way they think he will vote, and the ones who favor him seem to outnumber the ones who oppose him .
 Just a quick message to follow up on the email that I sent you recently inviting you to speak at our forthcoming congress, Risk 2001 Australia, which is taking place in Sydney on 20 & 21 August 2001 .
 33 - Percentage of the $15bn Bush pledged to fight Aids in Africa that must go to abstinence-only programmes .
 The first time I used them they arrived on time and towed car for me to the destination I needed .
 the primary reason we need these things is for the scenario where a muni does a derivative deal with an open-ended downside, loses $50 million, and then claims that it was not a valid contract .
 In fact Philippines is famous to accept people like these people i mentioned whose not filipinos but helping the Philippines to plunge in the pit as they are the rot of the country .
 I have done Yoga for riders for a while, a 20 minute routine I found on YouTube (I think its called "Yoga for horse back riding" hosted by a man) It helped with noticing slight differences in my balance and weight distribution but not really for the way I use my legs and back .
 That rejection got to the point that George Harrison kicked Yoko Ono in the Apple studios during the filming of Let it Be .
 28 - Number of vacation days Bush took in August 2001, the month he received a 6 August Presidential Daily Briefing headed "Osama bin Laden Determined to Strike US Targets. "
 This is about the fourth time they've done my horse's feet because I just switched back to them .
 50 - Percentage of Americans who approved of the way Bush was handling his job as president on 15 October 2003 .
 Don't you think it's time we talked ?
 I was able to cancel it but only after paying a $50 fee (which the staff person who signed me up stated I would not have to pay if I had proof of moving) and being spoken to in a very belittling manner .
 But the norms of politics and diplomacy are childish, in comparison with the level of incitement and total absolute deliberate fabrications, which have reached new heights in the region we are talking about .
 When having your car worked on you have to trust the mechanic & this Midas is truly someone you can trust !
 0 - Number of times Bush mentioned Osama bin Laden in his three State of the Union addresses .
 Antichrist John Lennon wanted to compete with Jesus Christ, and so he grew a beard and started to make a bogus role of Christ together with Yoko Ono at the Amsterdam Hilton hotel proclaiming "Peace", being then when he was visited by the Canadian journalist who ridiculized and admonished him wanting to know about what Lennon meant when he wrote in the lyrics of "The ballad of John and Yoko": "the way things are going, they're going to crucify me...", The CURSE OF GOD upon John Lennon carried on with all type of miseries and distresses which made Lennon give the interview to the "Rolling Stone" magazine (today condensed in the "Lennon remembers" book) where he speaks about how bad thing were going for him blaming "whatever is up there" for it (referring to God) .
 That was the day that GOD'S CURSE fell upon the world of Rock .
 When was the last time you heard about a ship sinking ?
 "There is always the possibility they could jam us up, make us look like we are not numero uno," Pike said .
 "Calculation of Floating Amount: The Floating Amount payable by [ENA] on a Payment Date will be calculated for that Payment Date as follows :
 They took on the challenge of making my Ferrari all I dreamed of and more .
 One thing you can be sure of about Irish weather is how little you can be sure of .
 Your answer to a question indicated that I have several of the skills you look for .
 Pay extra attention to the appetizers - the next time I go there I'm planning on ordered a few instead of an entree .
 However, as you will see, the questions I thought of got kinda long- but I think we need answers for all of them .
 But she did a fabulous job letting me know what she was doing at all times and styled my hair in a way i could do it at home .
 The main reason I wrote this post is to ask anyone reading this if they know of some way I can help put a stop to this Cat Holocaust .
 I was experiencing severe back pain to the point I could barely walk or even bare to sit .
 To Paul McCartney whose company's logo was a person toying with the planets as if he was a god, and who was being very much deluded in his ego trip by the fact that he was made "Sir" (when in England even the road sweeper is made Sir, as long as he produces money for the nation), GOD provided cancer to the wife .
 Is that something you are up for ?
 I found this on a bulletin board and decided to try it: I don't care about the useless pre-fabricated crap this message usually says .
 25 - Percentage of overall worldwide carbon dioxide emissions the United States is responsible for .
 I feel that the way some doctors offices work around here is a little bit absurd so I'm happy that these guys don't do those two things in particlular .
 These are some of the things I've been wondering.. .
 After talking with Professors Titman, Ronn, Brown and Jemison, I was sure that the School was the right place to get the education I was looking for .
 I gave the woman I spoke with today a "You've been yelped!" card to let her know that Yelp may be a good tool for helping spreading the word about Papeluna .
 67 - Percentage of Americans who approved of the way Bush was handling his job as president on 26 September 2002 .
 Perhaps Jim Armogida can assist in revising them as I am sure he is more familiar with the way Enron Corp. likes their resolutions drafted than we are .
 54 - Percentage of Americans who approved of the way Bush was handling his job as president on 30 September, 2003 .
 Therefore, any trade mark registration that incorporates the word ONLINE as a suffix in the way that you use it will not enable its owner to prevent others from using the word ONLINE .
 That's kind of the way it goes..lol .
 Overall they aren't very knowledge about the type of games are on the market .
 50- Percentage of screened workers at Ground Zero who now suffer from long-term health problems, almost half of whom don't have health insurance .
 So I figure if they don't want to take the time to fix the fence that they installed then I'll take the time to let everyone I can know about how they treat customers once they have your money!! !
 By the time we got to the budget i told him I could work with, there was basically no design .
 His military intelligence has captured major figures like Abu Zubayda and Khalid Shaykh Muhammad, as well as nearly 500 other al-Qaeda operatives, over 400 of whom the Pakistanis have turned over to the US .
 Their sense of humour and calmness when dealing with the little ones amazes me every time I walk in .
 Attached is a rough draft of my talking points for a panel I'll be on at a CEM conference in SF on Thursday afternoon .
 im not worried about damaging the surface my tank is on because i can prop it up off the surface anyway .
 Will be staying here any and every time I come anywhere near .
 73 - Number of times that Bush mentioned terrorism or terrorists in his three State of the Union addresses .
 i have tried EVERYTHING i can to get him to eat but he refuses .
 the first night i brought her home i did the sniffing under the door thing and left it at that .
 At the same time McCartney was going out with Heather Mills, he used Linda's death for promotional ends, due to his waning popularity .
 The people rejected their attempt to topple the government, and for all intents and purposes the US military (and the ARVN) handed Johnson the victory he had ordered them to achieve within the time-frame he ordered it .
 Stan may also bring the letter up orally next time he's on the phonne with Gibson or Kyle as an example of how not to handle this situation .
 I rrly seek the cehf out to introduce myself-- but the second time we went-- i made a point of asking our wait person to introduce my friend and myself to the chef to tell him just how good our meals were .
 In the same way that no country has a law against cannibals eating its prime minister, because such an act is unthinkable, international law does not address killers shooting from hospitals, mosques and ambulances, while being protected by their Government or society .
 Unfair for the girl as boys don't have that kind of handicap, but that's the way our own rules work .
 The post id I am looking at for Calgary is 11608 .
 Linda is the rudest person you will ever talk to and she sticks up for all of the trashy, rude people that live there, not the nice ones that actually give a crap about respecting others .
 $200m - Amount that the Bush-Cheney 2004 campaign expects to raise by November 2004 .
 The two developments, he said, could eventually enable China's space program to mature to the point that experts could assemble and launch from Earth's orbit a spacecraft capable of circling the moon with astronauts and returning home .
 $59,339 - Amount the Bush campaign reimbursed Enron for 14 trips on its corporate jet during the 2000 campaign .
 After the way she spoke to me on my last visit, I will not be returning! !
 Days away: Sept. 21 through Oct. 3 (assuming you work on the day we leave and go back to work the day after we return )
 1561 Last time castling was 2 separate moves .
 Every time I go, Kevin, the manager, will always remember my family and I .
 The craziest part is that they aren't even based locally at the city I'm in- they just have 'teams' in areas through the country .
 Has the disaster affected the way other countries view the US ?
 took a bit of searching to discover that POP is probably PoP - plaster of Paris and yes plaster of Paris will slow way down if it is not exposed to air - in fact, if you are building up plaster ("the way you would icing") to do sculpting, which is rather uncommon, you keep the set plaster damp in order to add more unset plaster or you have to wet the area where you will be adding plaster "mud "
 And every time he see some one he will rush to people and jump on them, doesn't listen to me .
 Is there any way can let him know how to walk with leash  ?
 2000 - Year that Cheney said his policy as CEO of Halliburton oil services company was "we wouldn't do anything in Iraq" .
 0 - Number of times Bush mentioned global warming, clean air, clean water, pollution or environment in his 2004 State of the Union speech .
 Kori told me she saw you last night at Steak Night and introduced herself since I failed to do so the last time we went .
 This means that I could be away from the office for several days and miss a message entirely, because it would have expired and disappeared by the time I returned .
 The only reason I'm giving 3 stars instead of 1 or 2, I should admit, nothing was broken .
 I guess if you have a schtick that is a resounding success once, you can't help but trot it out every time your act is going sour .
 Outside of parking being at a premium, especially on discount days, The Laundry Tub is not filthy and it's no smaller than any of a dozen laundromats I've been in .
 I am having a meeting with Vicki and Janet Dietrich on Thursday to discuss our view on the ability to extend our current contracts in CA (for customers already on DA) .
 6 - Number of months before 11 September that Cheney's Energy Task Force investigated Iraq's oil reserves .
 Chasing them on issues from the day I moved in (many of them still unresolved as I left) to all sorts of farcical issues with funds, after I left. . . . as soon as I could .
 Be warned- they'll ltake you for everything they can .
 I would say it really depends on your riding ability, what disciplines you are interested in doing, or plan on doing, etc .
 Eagle Transmission determined that much of the work the dealer said needed to be done was unneccesary and what needed to be fixed was only $400! !
 Not once did I feel listened to like they actually cared about what I wanted, all they were interested in was me signing a contract right then and there .
 In this hard economic times is very important to save money Very reasonable prices top quality work The owner operator he does all the the work with Helpers very friendly I definitely recommend this this guys Don't get jack by big companies that they pay alot of money to be on top of the list Thank s
 Just recently discovered them last time I was down there, they're very nice) www.kaffeeeis.co.n z
 Randy, this is the issue I left you the voice mail on .
 I recommend buying a single unlimited Europass and travelling anywhere in the EU your heart desires .
 Everything we have gotten there has been more authentic and better tasting than any other Chinese restaurant in the San Antonio area we have been to--and trust me we have been to a lot of them .
 I was not happy with the way they looked, very wavy, uneven edges, and with the exception of 1, there is a dip in the center of each nail .
 83 - Number of times Bush mentioned Saddam, Iraq, or regime (as in change) in his three State of the Union addresses .
 The answer is likely D: all of the above, due to this being a complex reality we live in .
 I'd forgotten how blown away I was by some of the songs the first time I saw it in NY .
 According to Director of Central Intelligence George Tenet, al Qaeda’s ability to conduct an anthrax attack is one of the most immediate threats the United States is likely to face. "
 She told me she could not use the piece I was returning and the company would only put it in the trash so I could not return it .
 if there are shady areas he can move to (for example a 3x5x4 tank with light on one side) then you can leave it on a full 12-14 hours, if its a small tank and he can't escape the light then 4-6 at most at a time though quite possibly 4-6 hours at a time twice a day .
 2. Short of chartering your own ship and crew, I don't see any way you could customize your own itinerary .
 Find someone you trust that actually hears you and wants to do the job right .
 "It marks the first time in recent years that China has promised to wield its veto power in the UN Security Council against a petition initiated by the United States and backed by France and Great Britain. "
 That's all I know; I've had nothing to do with it .
 There are a couple ways one could spawn lineatus - mop spawning & water incubating them for two weeks, picking eggs from a mop & putting them in a tray of treated, seasoned water or setting up the parents in a planted tank & moving them so the fry can hatch out there .
 Took me a little longer to review and revise Adam's first drafts than I had thought (there's a lot going on here, as you'll see soon) .
 I've never felt the need to write a review or make a complaint before, but after the way I was spoken to by a member of staff at the kennels (whose name I believe to be Mrs Closs) I would now not recommend this business to anybody .
 I could only take it as they would seat the people they know first .
 "Calculation of Floating Amount: The Floating Amount payable by [ENA] on a Payment Date will be calculated for that Payment Date as follows :
 68 - Number of days after taking office that Bush decided Not to ratify the Kyoto Protocol, the international treaty to reduce greenhouse gases by roughly 5.2 per cent below 1990 levels by 2012 .
 If so go for it and I'll give you all the moral support I can as you figure out what is up .
 $3m - Amount the White House was willing to grant the 9/11 Commission to investigate the 11 September attacks .
 I mean, I don't care if he doesn't know, but if he pretends to know and tells me BS to my face, there's no way I'm going to trust him when matters turn to the price of the car and financing .
 There is no escape from the collective ocean we all swim in .
 Last thing is every time I sit on a chair or something higher than him, he will try to jump on, if he can't, he will bark all the time until I let him get on, what should I do with this  ?
 And all that time you're overseas you'll be racking up interest .
 When it came time to pay the bill up front, they would not let me use any of the certificate for a tip (which I have done with any other restaurant I've gotten a gift certificate for. )
 The winner of this competition will receive $5000, which Beyond Control hopes to win in order to donate it to the Abby Freeman fund .
 He showed me the car I was interested in and we took a test drive .
 I was extremely interested in the car and very likely would have bought it, but the sales guy I dealt with ruined the deal .
 Mike one of owners was awesome, he explained the detailed plan, and executed on time, I am always going use them and refer them to many friends I can because of the great job they did me .
 They bake bread fresh daily, they don't press their sandwiches which is the way I like it, and the meat is always fresh .
 5 - Number of major US airports at the beginning of 2004 that the Transportation Security Administration admitted were Not fully screening baggage electronically .
 His explosive temper probably provoked the disastrous siege of Fallujah last spring, killing 600 Iraqis, most of them women and children, in revenge for the deaths of 4 civilian mercenaries, one of them a South African .
 I mean, that's the way it works at amusement parks: the longest lines are at the best rides .
 I was gonna have a dinner party that night but my cousin is having Having her bridal shower so brunch is it but the only places I know are denny's and ihop .
 The only notable difference I have noticed is that in the south of Ireland one night of the wake is often held in the chapel the night before the funeral, this tradition started after the civil war .
 As a child in the 50's I had a lot of glandular problems and they treated it with radiation therapy (primitive at best!) and stopped when a lesion on my neck started enlarging--they said it was not CA but stopped the treatments... .
 You should ABSOLUTELY call your veterinarian back immediately to clarify anything you have questions about .
 I don't believe that we are quite at the point that we can say that all business controllers worldwide have reviewed, understand and have implemented these standards .
 The reason he said he didn't put that nail in was because he "didn't want to risk it" with my horse's horrible feet .
 Dave is a patient and methodical teacher, who has a great ear and sensitivity for his students' passion and the direction they want their lessons to take .
 He didn't have my number either because this was the first time I've called HIM instead of his dad .
 its for a craft project.....i want to use it the way u would use icing... .
 The decor left a lot to be desired and the posters telling me all the reasons 99 was great just served as an ironic contrast against the reality .
 Cute or not, I'd call a different bloke because he's doing a sub-par job at something he needs to be doing his best at, whether he's flirting or trying to ask you out or not, he ought to put quality first .
 Living out of synch with nature is the great disease, from that flows all the tributaries we have come to think of as sickness .
 Imagine you're sitting on top of a mountain, and that it's the most peaceful place you can think of .
 The last I knew after you and Brent drafted this starting point for fundamental operating standards was that this was being circulated (Shona took this to do after Brent's return to Houston) for comments to all business controllers .
 Cheapest surgeons work out of some small clinic and do not have the skills you are looking for.  .
 0 - Number of times Bush mentioned Saudi Arabia in his three State of the Union addresses .
 Also, please pass this along to everyone you know, and all of your email contacts .
 Even my PA i went to the other day said "it must by comforting to have gone to a heart surgeon like him who will do nothing for you" .
 She had to hack her way through the ceiling of her beauty shop as flood waters rose in the city of half a million people - much of which lies below sea level .
 We arrived early and the staff was very accomodating to our families and the situation we were in .
 Their chauvinisms got to the point that even they themselves hated each other .
 Everybody I know at university intends to stay at uni for as long as possible until there are actually jobs available .
 That's all you can really ask from a car dealer and Michael and Barrett hit all 3 .
 49 - Percentage of Americans who approved of the way Bush was handling his job as president in May 2004 .
 In the photo on the couch, the pillow she is resting on clashes with everything else in the shot .
