 Yet, this is no comparison to the advancements you'll make overall, and by the end of 2005, you'll look back in sheer wonder and happiness .
 The last I checked, the Satanists have a long way to go to catch up with the death and destruction dealt out by self-proclaimed (though false) Christians .
 Justin, I have no knowledge of any bad faith actins Enron has pending inTexas but I will call Richard Sanders who manages domestic litgation here .
 There must be a reason so many people like it there .
 Also I am still thinking about the Matisse we discussed before but as you can see, I have a lot of other artists I am interested in and it may remain on the back burner because we already have one .
 after finding the car i wanted they took the time to go over each step and making it as painless as possible .
 $30,858 - Amount Bush himself saved in taxes in 2003 .
 -AND JUST MORE STUFF YOU LIKED OVERAL L
 With regard to our annual review of this list of laws we need to comply with, do we not want to add the Canadian provinces new "eligible swap participant" equivalant rules ?
 You do NOT learn the things you were promised .
 The only thing I found edible were the potato wedges, I finally gave up, he kept trying - he found the fried wantons to be OK - His Mongolian bowl was awful .
 I chose the later, but approached the front desk about the hotel policy to push over their responsibilities on local authorities, not to mention the good nights sleep i paid for but didnt get .
 There is no doubt that many Iraqis regard the date of 30 January as a day of renewed hope, one they have been awaiting all their lives, but at the same time, many others are already dreading it .
 Overall, 2005 is sure to be a year you won't forget .
 The only difference we had was for package V02 .
 The duck was a 65% glob of chewy fat with no resemblance to the juicy, crispy delicacy it usually represents at other establishments .
 I came back with the receipt Ahmed had provided upon my purchase, and the guy took forever to copy it but said that he would take care of the situation .
 Sara, here are the trader guidelines I developed for UK gas, UK power and Nordic power .
 All you need is 200, but remember, the more you post, the more money you make! !
 None, just walk in to the service office and present all the identification you have to prove your identity .
 All you have to do, and It Really works!! !
 $1m - Estimated value of a painting the Bush Presidential Library in College Station, Texas, received from Prince Bandar, Saudi Arabia's ambassador to the United States and Bush family friend .
 The pizza is usually pretty good, the only bad one we got was on a Friday night and it just needed to be cooked a little more, but it was still good .
 I have my paralegal gathering the pleadings Enron requested .
 This draft reflects the changes we discussed during our call the other day .
 We arrived Sunday at about 230 and found a do we really liked .
 The central question behind the palace coup is whether Terry Winter, the president of the Independent System Operator, acted alone when he took steps to remove key price caps designed to limit the amount power generators could charge .
 The result will be a dramatic escalation in US and civilian casualties, US forces will be required to bunker themselves further into their bases, and US forces will find themselves required to fight the very government they just finished helping into power .
 Easiest Time I ever had purchasing a car !
 As an outgrowth of the meeting Leslie and I had with Scott and Hunter a couple of weeks ago, we have begun work to develop an electronic tool that would allow us to provide ongoing summaries of FERC gas activities, and possibly electric activities, in a format that can be linked to the Fundamentals intranet site used by the traders .
 Yes,but be sure that your chickens are all hens(I mean not roosters),Roosters may attack rabbits or anything they see moving,so be aware of that,hens are friendly with almost all kinds of pets !
 It is easy to note the uneasiness of McCartney when he sings: "I've got a feeling, a feeling I can't hide..." in front of Yoko in the film .
 It had listed that there was a hot breakfast but all this meant is that they added a waffle maker to the common continental affair at most cheap hotels .
 i want to buy a laptop for my girlfriend in ireland,would she be able to just use the dongle she uses for her pc and put it straight in the laptop and it work like normall ?
 I visited their huge Chicago lighting showroom and all I have to say is WOW! !
 The media coverage has been seriously confused on the issue of motive and the reason Senators Daschle and Leahy would have been targeted -- tending to simplistically view them as "liberals. "
 750,000 - Tons of toxic waste the US military, the world's biggest polluter, generates around the world each year .
 These numbers are slightly different from the ones you put together a few weeks ago .
 Someone else I found that said they could do it but wanted to charge me more and give me less warranty .
 What became known as the palace coup began on Oct. 26 when ISO board members voted for severe restrictions on the amount of money electricity producers could charge for power .
 All you have to do to make it authentic Jamaican food, is add a whole lot of pepper .
 We have had enthusiastic responses from companies such as AT&T, Duke Energy, Pitney Bowes and DaimlerChrysler, and I would be pleased to answer any questions you may have about this focal point for our educational efforts. ?
 Eurasia Group, a New York-based firm of political analysts, said its oil experts worked out that China was paying such an inflated price for its investment in Brazil that the cost for the oil it ended up with was three times the market price .
 When I finally found someone at the desk who could speak English, they moved our room, but we still did not receive the single queen we had "reserved "
 Let us know and we can add it, and make any other changes you'd like to make at this end .
 And the basic idea behind the Checks and Balances we have is that if one branch of the Government goes crazy, the other two can hold it down .
 On my panel, Loretta Lynch asked Reliant and Duke to supply her with the details of the contracts they cut to sell their power forward to marketers .
 Because of the trauma that his homosexual relation with Brian Epstein had left him, he made lyrics such as: "You can wear a collar and a tie, one thing you can't hide is when you're crippled inside" and gave declarations to the "Rolling Stone" magazine saying that "sometimes he wore Texan boots to feel more secure as a man" .
 The real purpose of my call, however, is related to the services we will provide to support the aspirational statements of the Protocol .
 (c) Are you happy with the draft letter to Beachcrofts I sent you ?
 We got to talking and he got me set up and I test drove with Craig and I fell head over heels for this car all I kept saying, " was I gotta have it! "
 Excellent service, Not only did they get the exact car I wanted win in 48 hours but the sales man also took me out to lunch .
 I don't want to waste my time on routes set for children, but I don't want to take on something I can't handle just to strain myself to exhaustion .
 Wherever he is, authorities need to focus on the traceable connection between him and those he or Atef recruited .
 I'm glad they want to follow-up with Steve (I've been pushing it) and I've got some follow-up as well based on chats I had in the afternoon on Friday with folks post-call .
 "They are targetting ambulances", "American snipers are shooting children and pregnant women", and "They are using cluster bombs against civilians" is all you get to hear from him .
 One of the worst experiences I've ever had with a auto repair shop .
 They also have the best tea I ever had, not at all like the junk you get at the grocery stores, I stock up when ever there because they are closed in the winter .
 But this location has the worst weekend staff I've seen EVER .
 We'll need to update the numbers for the offer we made to S.D. last week .
 http://www.solutions.com/jump.jsp?itemID=1361&itemType=PRODUCT&path=1%2C3%2C477&iProductID=1361 If anything you use has a strong or lingering fragrance it can bother or potentially injure the bird .
 I'm quite sure , you don't even have to buy another , all you need to do , is to pour some oil on the wheel , or even put some rubber on it's edges , the part that is making the noise  .
 They interviewed me, gave me tests in the software I included on my resume, and placed me in a position that I kept for several years .
 scroll down and this website shows each thing you can buy ( :
 This would replace the paper copies you and your people are currently getting .
 $113m - Amount of total hard money the Bush-Cheney 2000 campaign received, a record .
 $10m- Amount Bush cut from the INS's existing terrorism budget .
 He is really excited about anybody he see .
 I asked if they could copy the piece I dropped off .
 After looking at the menu and seeing the new menu items they had, we knew we were in for a treat !
 Go onto the UCAS website, go onto course search and search for the courses you want to do .
 It is always interesting what spin the press will take .
 The dangers implicit in any attack upon that nation, however, seem to significantly offset whatever gains could be made in the so-called "War on Terror. "
 For weeks, reporters scoured Alabama in search of pilots or anyone who might have remembered seeing Mr. Bush at the time he was serving in the National Guard there .
 Best money I've spent on remodeling ever .
 And, a relationship you begin now will last a very long time - like, for the rest of your life .
 My dental surgeon, Dr. Lucy Nichols is clearly a dental perfectionist and clearly proud both of the work she does and the reputation she has established .
 A Spanish refugee, ANTONIO PEREZ, visited England in 1593 and became acquainted with Francis & ANTHONY Bacon, with whom for a time he seems to have been on terms of intimacy, which did not last very long, for the Spaniard developed so much affectation & bombast that he became unpopular in Court circles .
 Please only reviews on the three I mentioned earlier .
 The biggest threat Israel faces is not from conventional armies but from the asymmetrical tactics of Palestinian national liberation movements .
 Despite Sept. 11, the United States still supports the Kashmir groups that back jihad as part of the price Washington is paying to keep Pervez Musharraf happy .
 Take a photo of a very light plain subject close to the lens using long exposure and smallest aperture you have - over expose by a couple of stop s
 The poor quality starts at the receptionist desk, where the staff is very impatient and lack the efficiency I once loved about the office .
 Attached are the fax cover pages for each of the Nylon and Polykron Deemed ISDAs I just sent you .
 i was reading the package for a tank heater i bought for my 40 gallon tank for my snake and it said it can be put under the tank or on the side .
 I have melted small amounts of bronze in a crucible with a large propane torch (much larger than the plumbers torch, but it can be run of those propane cylinders you can buy for a gas grill) .
 This is the only place I have ever eaten and been told to leave because other people were waiting .
 I read the Civet Cat story from a little while ago, and tonight, when my Mom emailed me about it, I re-read it, and went to the website with the song the author of the email created .
 $64.2m - The Amount Pioneers and Rangers had raised for Bush-Cheney as of March 2004 .
 Ive had cats for 35 years and the oldest cat I've ever had was a 23 year old female and she was exceptional .
 The atmosphere alone deserves 4 stars but, the food was not up to par with the price tag and the reputation the restaurant carries .
 We both kept trying to find something we liked .
 0 - Number of minutes that President Bush, Vice-President Dick Cheney, the Defence Secretary, Donald Rumsfeld, the assistant Defence Secretary, Paul Wolfowitz, the former chairman of the Defence Policy Board, Richard Perle, and the White House Chief of Staff, Karl Rove - the main proponents of the war in Iraq -served in combat (combined) .
 Ironically he almost burst out laughing and it was all he could do to keep his mirth down to a barely controlled smirk .
 The only difference we had was for package V02 .
 They said it would be made exactly like the one I needed to replace .
 He was incredibly informative about the options I had, giving me opinions on different treatments to choose from .
 It's always a bang-your-head-against-the-wall moment, reading again the play the incompetence theory receives, even from some of the Administration's harshest mainstream critics .
 Also, if you can think of anything else I can do to strengthen my overall application file for next year, please let me know .
 This is the year you'll want to take stock of your career and ask yourself if you're doing the work you want to do for the rest of your life .
 The night I drove back home, I found that the rear window has some leakage .
 Whie I don't subscribe to the notion that the things we watch or listen to have no effect on our behavior (which I think is patently rediculous), it does bother me when people single out a specific group of people to pin the blame on .
 I am waiting longer at BNA for my pickups and last time I parked with them, they lost my car key .
 Well, unless of course the third compressor he put in the car goes out .
 I was looking at the recent pullback in ENE and thinking it might be an opportunity to buy back the calls you sold .
 Some 200,000 guns the US sent to Iraqi security forces may have been smuggled to terrorists, it was feared yesterday .
 My question is does that mean it gives him not only the heat, but the "sun rays" he needs ?
 63 - Percentage of oil the United States imported in 2003, a record high .
 This is by far the worst chinese food I have ever had .
 The US chose to ally itself with such groups as the Supreme Council for the Islamic Revolution in Iraq, whose 15,000-strong Badr Corps paramilitary was trained by the Iranian Revolutionary Guards .
 I much preferred the one-on-one service here to the experiences I've had with bigger offices and firms .
 I would reccomend anyone to go see Jana Kueck and Robin Talley to see all the many procedures they have to offer .
 One is a special tool to detect damage to the thermal-protective tile while in orbit - something the Columbia crew would have welcomed .
 Your cycle of learning through the school of hard knocks has come to an end, Gemini, and now you're going to start reaping the rewards these "lessons" have left in their wake .
 I have been extremely pleased with the signs and pop-up banners she has supplied to me over the years - a truly first class family business run by Tina and her husband Chris .
 It's without a doubt, the best service experience I've ever had and just to be clear, the price he charged me was the same as my tire guy in Nashville's price for putting on the other rear tire .
 Attached is the letter I originally sent to you on May 10 in this regard .
 While it's not cheap, Alto will give you an experience you'll never forget .
 NOTE: You may want to retain every name and address sent to you, either on a computer or hard copy and keep the notes people send you .
 I've read the materials you sent and agree we need to address these allegations appropriately .
 $44m- Amount the Bush-Cheney 2000 campaign and the Republican National Committee received in contributions from the fossil fuel, chemical, timber, and mining industries .
 The only negative I have abou this place is the parking !
 Add aquasafe with the water you put in it .
 I think they may even be better than the pair I have been using this past year !
 ...but basically, what I do is the same thing I did with my puppy...lots of patience, lots of time, lots of praise, lots of treats, and lots of repition....Right ?
 so any price you find, DOUBLE IT figure, $40K at least .
 "All you have to do is look at the photographs," Ed Bangs, wolf recovery coordinator for the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, told UPI's Blue Planet ,
 All he had to do for a complete victory was allow the military to go into Laos and Cambodia and finish off the shattered Communist forces .
 Even Zawahiri's attorney in 1999 said that Bin Laden and Zawahiri were likely to resort to the biological and chemical agents they possessed given the extradition pressure senior Al Qaeda leaders faced .
 I cant speak for them but any tests or appointments they recommend are probably in the best interests of us (the patient) and you have the ability to decline anything that they suggest to you .
 The fact that the US government and media are having a hissy fit over Venezuela wanting to buy guns, and then 200,000 of the guns Chavez wants to buy go missing on their way to Iraq is definitely sus .
 Another thing you can try .
 I know you are very worried, but getting her to the vet is the best thing you can do for her .
 We save $21,000 in real money this way, the cash refund Sun is giving Enron for our other server, using a box that wasn't being used by anyone .
 I would not have gone back, but I couldn't find the particular tire they'd used in stock anywhere else .
 I've stayed at this fabulous little motel two years running, and I have to say it's one of the best lodging experiences I've ever had on the coast...and I'm even comparing it to the big resorts I've stayed at !
 Unless you have a particular skill they need - and firm job offer before going - I would think twice about it !
 This is my first time posting to the list, so I feel somewhat embarrassed by "promoting" a song I wrote, but I think it is fitting because it is directly tied to extreme animal suffering as a result of human lack of empathy, but an abundance of human greed .
 They have the best Egg Drop Soup I have ever tasted .
 Whether they pay me or not, if their parents get into an accident, stuck in traffic, etc. THE LAST THING I WOULD DO IS LET A CHILD GET RAPED BECAUSE I WASN'T PAID .
 The long awaited relief you've needed in your love life is around the corner, and by the end of the year you will feel much clearer about your partnerships in general .
 I called a few different businesses in the area to get estimates , they weren't the cheapest I found but very reasonable .
 Even though they still charge you the days you booked but won't use, it is worth the get the hell out of this crap hole .
 The owner warned me that it was the best salsa I would ever had, and he was right .
 Anything you could do to help further my goals would be appreciated .
 $205m - Amount Enron CEO Kenneth Lay earned from stock option profits over a four-year period .
 I felt very much like Wedding Gallery was being dishonest and I wouldn't trust them to lace me up in another gown let alone trust them with the gown I will wear on the most important day of my life .
 This is car number 3 we've purchased through them .
 In fact, he left the house he rented in such disrepair--with damage to the walls and a chandelier destroyed--that the Montgomery family who owned it still grumble about the unpaid repair bill .
 President Bush has always said that working for Blount was the reason he transferred to the Alabama Air National Guard .
 The first time I used them they arrived on time and towed car for me to the destination I needed .
 The finest Christmas Trees i've ever seen .
 In fact Philippines is famous to accept people like these people i mentioned whose not filipinos but helping the Philippines to plunge in the pit as they are the rot of the country .
 "All of the research and all of the preparation I did leading up to the trip gave no indication that there were bears in the Soper [River] valley where we were canoeing," Dr. Fortier said .
 I know that we address audit rights in the LLC agreement so this may not matter anyway if this is a right they already have .
 I have done Yoga for riders for a while, a 20 minute routine I found on YouTube (I think its called "Yoga for horse back riding" hosted by a man) It helped with noticing slight differences in my balance and weight distribution but not really for the way I use my legs and back .
 The urge to protect and gather them all in is almost overwhelming, and makes me more grateful for the blessings I have .
 $3,500 - Reward a group of veterans offered in 2000 for anyone who could confirm Bush's Alabama guard service .
 This is the insidious conspiracy I call "Mommism" .
 A taller horse doesn't always mean a horse you can't handle .
 28 - Number of vacation days Bush took in August 2001, the month he received a 6 August Presidential Daily Briefing headed "Osama bin Laden Determined to Strike US Targets. "
 $23.8b - Amount the United States spent on international aid and diplomacy in 2002 .
 Though ''decided'' is probably not the right word, since from the day they were born, these girls and boys were not taught to think for themselves but to blindly follow their leaders .
 I would like that ability in order to hedge some exposure I have of unexercised vested options .
 I know that we address audit rights in the LLC agreement so this may not matter anyway if this is a right they already have .
 A lack of organisation, coupled with the distain for its customers, makes this the worst rental agency I have used .
 To promote one of the most trivial interests we have, thousands of animals are tormented for their whole lives. "
 He did not give them the number of troops they requested .
 15 - Average number of minutes Bush spent reviewing capital punishment cases while governor of Texas .
 THEN put the eggs in water treated a couple of days before with a water treatment and left open to "breathe" .
 The two lay their eggs inside the cave you made for them .
 ... Fishing, Jet skies, snorkeling, diving are some of the things you can do for fun .
 I've also considered becoming a teacher, but it's not a job I'm cut out for .
 Yet all you read about at the time was the arrest of the son Ahmed Abdul Qadoos, who receives a stipend from the UN for being officially low-IQ due to lead poisoning .
 The main thing people do there is go to the beach .
 The draft you received has been approved by Dan .
 I expect that many of the displaced people (those affluent and those not) will remain in the places they were evacuated to .
 Unless you want to take the "tell the customer how wrong she is and try and force her into a dress she's obviously not loving" approach which will likely get you... uh... nowhere .
 $66b - Amount the United States spent on international aid and diplomacy in 1949 .
 Get plenty of sleep and make sure you take time out to do some things you enjoy .
 Once the troops started cleaning the weapon properly (even with the dirtier powder) the Vietnam era M-16 turned out to be a good weapon for the purpose it was being used for .
 I trust you and believe that you'll be able to handle this and all you have to do is to reciprocate !
 Here is the Job Description and the Operational Accountabilities for the position I mentioned to you last Sunday .
 $42,000 - Average savings members of Bush's cabinet received in 2003 as a result of cuts in capital gains and dividends taxes .
 You may find a normal budget hotel for Rs 1000 per night in the cities you mentioned, the links below may help you to find good hotels in Delhi and Agra .
 We also liked the way that Ray checked on the job everyday .
 Hands-down the best pasta and gnocchi I've ever eaten (and I've eaten a lot) .
 It's about time we got together .
 Not only was it a good cut but my wife and friends comment on my hair every time I leave...saying it's the best look I've ever had .
 The best value I've found from a Chinese restaurant .
 But he was an inside/outside cat (only one I owned - rest have been 100 0nside cats) .
 Archibald says Mr. Bush would come into the office and, in a friendly way, offer up stories about the drinking he'd done the night before, kind of as a conversation starter .
 Not only am I being bilked for money I do not owe, the office staff is rude to boot .
 These are the kids who will destroy society, because of the crapfest the American family has become under the post hippie culture, you heard again .
 And there is nothing we can do about it really, people who are suggesting that we go out and fight them are living in dream land .
 Somehow, since she supposedly doesn't know any names of designers/dresses, after I told her the designer and dress name of the one I was comparing, she knew "exactly which dress" I was referring to and disagreed with my observation; she said that the bodice did come as low as the one I had on .
 The kind of support they provide is simply great!! !
 Do you also have a SSD we can use ?
 I propose we have a conference call with Bob Fagan on Fri July 20 at 1:00 pm Calgary time to discuss any areas of concern/confusion you may have .
 The price was actually lower than what I had anticipated and used to compared to other places, plus he showed me the work he did when I came into pick up the car .
 By the time we got to the budget i told him I could work with, there was basically no design .
 The server we had was knowledgeable but he was not as proper as he should have been, acting like he was talking to his friends rather than his customers .
 I will never return there again (and now have some serious doubts about the quality of work they actually performed on my car) .
 Their Food was better then anything I had ever tasted .
 Half of the 300 phenophases Leopold tracked showed a response consistent with warming .
 "We believe the action we took addressed a severe concern,'' Robinson said .
 I looked at the UEComm Master and had some comments--such as our name is wrong, the cross default threshold for us should be US $ and not AUD, and there were a few other questions I had .
 Please disregard and destroy the form you received on July 2, as well as any blank forms retrieved from the PEP system prior to that date .
 $0 - Amount Bush allocated for port security in 2003 .
 He said after 10 years of DNA testing on northern Rockies wolves, scientists have not found a single strain that did not belong to one of the wolves the agency released -- or their descendants .
 What is the subject matter you wish to visit about ?
 Dr. Chao you are the best dentist I have ever had .
 The only difference we had was for package V02 .
 They'll give you a comprehensive list of all the universities that do the courses you want, plus all the information you need to apply .
 Some 2,000 junior officers of the old Baath army have been recalled to duty in recent months, something Chalabi would have blocked if he could have .
 This document has been modified with the changes that were in the mark-up you faxed to Toni Donohue here a few hours ago .
 This would be on a walk-in basis as we want to have the freedom of finding a place that looks good (Not relying on pictures from the internet) and is in a spot we like .
 My myTouch 4G crashes with most custom ROMs I install .
 I have been here 3 to 4 times and every time food they served seems warmed up not cooked after you order it .
 Your application is still evaluated on a number of criteria, not all of them as "cast in steel" as the points .
 Grimy work you guys do .
 Maybe you should ignore the sentiment of the quote I sent earlier.. .
 Is there any tricks I could use ?
 In October 2001, did the FBI profilers know of the draft message Khalid Mohammed had on the seized laptop (from 1995) that was signed "Khalid Sheik Bojinka" ?
 Liberty construction shows up and it's two guys...all I get is 100% sales pitch "We're the best...we're number 50 so we must be doing something right...look at all these certificates that say we're great" .
 Most of the girls I was meeting had grown up in Mujahedeen schools in Ashraf, where they lived separated from their parents .
 I didn't know that I didn't register him in the ridiculous amount of paperwork I had filled out in the hospital and was supposed to go to city hall within 90 days .
 I have a copy of the document I can give to you tomorrow .
 The screw-up was the kind of things you have happen when you have bean-counters (and McNamara was nothing if not a bean-counter) instead of soldiers in charge of the military .
 Second is there any way to sort of customize the places you wanna go to ?
 Days away: Sept. 21 through Oct. 3 (assuming you work on the day we leave and go back to work the day after we return )
 The auto mechanics that work for Auto Towing are very friendly and informative and answered any question I had .
 I am not going to go pick up a horse I can't afford .
 Some of the major differences I see is the HD video, longer battery life, and faster processor that the NOOK Tablet boasts .
 By Friday December 1st, could you please tell me the percentages/amount of time you spent on East Coast Power during the months of October and November .
 "The Prophet's guidance," says Michael Scheuer, an al-Qaeda analyst who recently retired from the CIA and once headed its Bin Laden unit, "was always, Before you attack someone, warn them very clearly..." The anthrax mailings followed the pattern of letters they sent in January 1997 to newspaper branches in Washington, D.C. and New York City, as well as symbolic targets .
 But the articles I read seemed to say the contrary .
 Accordingly, the only issue left for arbitration is whether our IP (the only one and therefore the one they have to choose) is or is not an economic hardship under the contract .
 I passed along to Liz Austin your request regarding pleadings A&K has filed setting forth the Trustee's position in connection with the enforcement/nonenforcement of the power contracts and what remedies the Trustee is seeking .
 What are some fun things I could do while in Japan ?
 Here are some emails we have sent, along with the flyer for the Benefit fund raiser we are holding in June, just for your information .
 The flowers were all that I hoped they would be, I have attended several funerals of late unfortunately and the flowers I recieved from Ana outshone them all .
 28 - Number of vacation days Bush took in August 2003, the second-longest vacation of any president in US history .
 Below I pasted the email text, and it has a link to a website that automatically plays this song the author of the email created .
 Is this related to the problems he is having getting around (circulatory?) ?
 I would rate Fran pcs an A+ because the price was lower than everyone else, i got my computer back the next day, and the professionalism he showed was great .
 remember to give him the time he needs to feel that the room is his - rush it, and he will be afraid of the whole house for a long time .
 I know that we address audit rights in the LLC agreement so this may not matter anyway if this is a right they already have .
 I was amazed at the spiel they delivered .
 I found my initial selection satisfactory but the wine flight we chose to be poorly composed .
 $80,000 - Amount an Iraqi firm spent (using Saddam's confiscated funds) to build the same factory, after delays prevented the American firm from starting it .
 The crew at The Creative Workshop went over and above the call of duty and gave me back a car I can drive anywhere and finally enjoy owning .
 $5m - Amount a 1996 federal commission was given to study legalised gambling .
 the irish customs we have in our family are; we make sinnel cake for easter ,barn brack and col-cannon for Halloween .
 James Bateman came the day I called and fixed the problem quickly and efficiently .
 According to a post she made on the internet, Aafia Siddiqui expressed the same sentiment in connection with US appropriations sought in exchange for the extradition of WTC 1993 plotter Ramzi Yousef from Pakistan .
 $120b - Amount the war and its aftermath are projected to cost for the 2004 fiscal year .
 This is an event you don't want to miss! !
 If you knew what kind of "meat" they put in canned cat food you'd understand this .
 The American people were NOT having any of it, and elected Richard Nixon to fix the mess LBJ had made (not to surrender like the antiwar movement was demanding) .
 I believe the message you forwarded to me belongs to the Mark Taylor at EI (based in London) .
 When the guys arrived (2 hours later than agreed) they told that you have to pay all the tolls they payed coming from Brooklyn and extra $100 for them to drive back from your destination .
 We believe it addresses many of the issues and concerns you have raised in the workshops .
 Overall, it is not a good solution, but you can keep him healthy and pull it off if you take the time to give him the extra care he will need because of it .
 Everything we have gotten there has been more authentic and better tasting than any other Chinese restaurant in the San Antonio area we have been to--and trust me we have been to a lot of them .
 Meanwhile, Arthur Levitt has agreed to meet with us in September to brainstorm on the ideas we've generated and also to give us a sense of some of the issues as he sees them .
 In Agra I've stayed in a place fellow travellers recommended, they found it in the Rough Guide .
 The asparagus, seared tuna, and lobster tail were the best we ever had .
 The Worst Chinese I've Ever Ha d
 When most of the food or drinks I got only included two !
 Some board members pushed to have Winter removed, but there were concerns such action would lead to more chaos, the governor's spokesman Maviglio said .
 The anthrax letters were sent on the date of the Camp David Accord and then the date Anwar Sadat was assassinated as if to underscore the point to anyone paying attention .
 It was the best Chinese food I have ever had .
 How can I change my boarding station against the ticket I booked a month back from counter ?
 I came in for alterations (free, by the way) and told her about a stain I had on my new leather purse .
 (Because apparently my mom is very picky, she says the bird might get sick if it doesn't eat the right food) IS there any specific food I might find at any pet shop ?
 The best thing you can do in Okinawa is to go to a beach .
 37 - Death toll of US soldiers in Iraq in May 2003, the month combat operations "officially" ended .
 Her grant for the life saving treatments she needs has run out, and we need to help her to continue to receive these treatments .
 14 - Percentage carbon dioxide emissions will increase over the next 10 years under Bush's own global-warming plan (an increase of 30 per cent above their 1990 levels) .
 If the animals are treated in the same way the customers are treated then this leaves a lot to be desired !
 If you think of anything else I can do to strengthen my overall application file for next year, please let me know .
 He was less than half of the price of the cheapest quote we got, and his work was top notch .
 $101m - Amount Lay made from selling his Enron shares just before the company went bankrupt .
 Please use this new file as opposed to the one I sent earlier .
 In the second room it took 3 tries to get all the towels and linens we requested .
 Their prices are extremely reasonable for the amount of food you receive .
 These are the steps I used .
 Chris and Ben did a marvelous job for Thanksgiving, I can testify that it was one of the best Thanksgiv8ing Dinners I've ever had (I not gonna tell them that, I don't want them getting swell heads) .
 Auto Towing is one of the best towing services I have used .
 The salespeople are never available, the lines are always too long, and all the people want is a sale .
 Then the desserts came, and they were hands down the best dessert we ever had .
 I also never have to wait long for a yearly inspection sticker...and never get the usual excuses other shops always gave me..."the inspection guy isn't here today"....for example .
 I use propane with a blower and a burner I built http://www.mikegigi.com/meltmetl.htm and http://www.mikegigi.com/firehole.ht m
 If I wait, would the tours I find there for less money be the same quality type tours ?
 I just like the fact that he was able to do the specific type of repair I wanted (a reball) and give me the longest warranty and even a lower price .
 First and Last time we'll eat ther e
 We would like to thank you for the roofing job you did on our home .
 The graphics are without a doubt the amoung the best graphics I have ever seen for any game and I have been gaming since the MUD days .
 Change anything you need to but try to keep this article as close to original as possible .
 The picture I described here is not pretty .
 The staff was very helpful in finding the right dog for me and the care my pup received was outstanding .
 Make sure the trailer service you use is bonded/insured and knows something about first aid .
 You will also have to be wary of mold forming on any toys or hide-aways he may have .
 I'll be in Okinawa for about a week so I was wondering what are some fun things I could do ?
 Everything they claim is a lie, and this above all .
 Disney cruises offer 24-hour room services, and the crews are ready to serve you the way you like .
 I can't say enough good things about Karla and the wonderful things she has done for me and my dog Gracee .
 Correspondents who flocked in to cover the tsunami found they also had another story - the miserable security situation surrounding the Indian navy's Far Eastern Naval Command, now being established along with India's "blue water navy" .
 Their BBQ chicken pizza is one of the better ones I have ever had .
 I bought about half of the furniture I own from this place .
 Everything we ordered was prepared to perfection, and was presented perfectly .
 The best part is I got my whole bathroom remodeled for about the same price the other company's were quoting just to fix the shower tile and fixtures .
 Anything you could do to help further my goals would be appreciated .
 After discussions with the commercial group I propose that that redlined language be added to the attached Dynegy agreement and to the 4 other negotiated rate agreements we've done .
 The least we can do is pass this news along .
 The next time you feel like being condescending to someone, it is not going to be me!!!!! !
 Worst Service I've Ever Experience d
 At some point, I'd like to talk about the diversification strategy in more detail -- perhaps over dinner or a quick meeting after the markets close ?
 I will attach the letter explaining the benefit we are sponsoring .
 13 - Number of vacation days the average American receives each Year .
 It is reasonable to credit his statement that he got the lesion after bumping into a suitcase he was carrying at a camp in Afghanistan .
 (From time PA approved and funded to in-service will be 75 days at most .
 It's the best meal for the money you will find in all of metro Atlanta .
 With respect to Deutsche Bank (""DB"), we have one credit issue remaining, DB would like us to add all the Enron trading entities DB trades with as Specified Entities under the ISDA Master Agreement and we are somewhat hesitant to do so, as this could potentially roll up swaps under structured loan transactions into a default under the ISDA Agreement .
 IT IS NOT A HIGH END STEAK HOUSE, MORE OF THE CUISINE BRETT ENJOYS IN MISSISSIPPI .
 However, then I asked to amend my return to apply a credit I had just become eligible for .
 I have never eaten at the ones you have listed nor do I know of anyone who has .
 The horse I had posted about a couple weeks ago with the atrophied cheek muscles is down to his last resort for life .
 Also depends on the space you have, how much time you can handle the pet, how much money you can spend, etc .
 And every entree we have ordered is perfect .
 Also, if you think of anything else I can do to strengthen my overall application file for next year, please let me know .
