22 - Number of hours prisoners were handcuffed, shackled, and made to wear surgical masks, earmuffs, and blindfolds during their flight to Guantanamo .
I would have interest in meeting if you can present unique investment opportunities that I don't have access to now .
The atmosphere alone deserves 4 stars but, the food was not up to par with the price tag and the reputation the restaurant carries .
What are some fun things I could do while in Japan ?
$3.8bn - Amount in the Superfund trust fund for toxic site clean-ups in 1995, the Year "polluter pays" fees expired .
Is there any way can let him know how to walk with leash ?
0 - Number of times Bush mentioned global warming, clean air, clean water, pollution or environment in his 2004 State of the Union speech .
We both kept trying to find something we liked .
As a child in the 50's I had a lot of glandular problems and they treated it with radiation therapy (primitive at best!) and stopped when a lesion on my neck started enlarging--they said it was not CA but stopped the treatments... .
There is no doubt that many Iraqis regard the date of 30 January as a day of renewed hope, one they have been awaiting all their lives, but at the same time, many others are already dreading it .
And all that time you're overseas you'll be racking up interest .
Here is the Job Description and the Operational Accountabilities for the position I mentioned to you last Sunday .
Is this related to the problems he is having getting around (circulatory?) ?
How can I change my boarding station against the ticket I booked a month back from counter ?
The fact that the US government and media are having a hissy fit over Venezuela wanting to buy guns, and then 200,000 of the guns Chavez wants to buy go missing on their way to Iraq is definitely sus .
The screw-up was the kind of things you have happen when you have bean-counters (and McNamara was nothing if not a bean-counter) instead of soldiers in charge of the military .
Overall, 2005 is sure to be a year you won't forget .
The only reason I'm giving 3 stars instead of 1 or 2, I should admit, nothing was broken .
The only negative I have abou this place is the parking !
Unfair for the girl as boys don't have that kind of handicap, but that's the way our own rules work .
i was reading the package for a tank heater i bought for my 40 gallon tank for my snake and it said it can be put under the tank or on the side .
$64.2m - The Amount Pioneers and Rangers had raised for Bush-Cheney as of March 2004 .
0 - Number of minutes that President Bush, Vice-President Dick Cheney, the Defence Secretary, Donald Rumsfeld, the assistant Defence Secretary, Paul Wolfowitz, the former chairman of the Defence Policy Board, Richard Perle, and the White House Chief of Staff, Karl Rove - the main proponents of the war in Iraq -served in combat (combined) .
I cant speak for them but any tests or appointments they recommend are probably in the best interests of us (the patient) and you have the ability to decline anything that they suggest to you .
In the world press, commentators predict that Katrina will make a profound change in the way the US is perceived at home and abroad, especially following the scenes of poverty and racial divisions they believe the disaster has revealed .
$120b - Amount the war and its aftermath are projected to cost for the 2004 fiscal year .
the irish customs we have in our family are; we make sinnel cake for easter ,barn brack and col-cannon for Halloween .
The crew at The Creative Workshop went over and above the call of duty and gave me back a car I can drive anywhere and finally enjoy owning .
They are surrounded by a second wider circle of direct supporters, planners, commanders, preachers, all of whom make a living, usually a very comfortable living, by serving as terror infrastructure .
Last thing is every time I sit on a chair or something higher than him, he will try to jump on, if he can't, he will bark all the time until I let him get on, what should I do with this ?
"There is always the possibility they could jam us up, make us look like we are not numero uno," Pike said .
"Calculation of Floating Amount: The Floating Amount payable by [ENA] on a Payment Date will be calculated for that Payment Date as follows :
He is really excited about anybody he see .
if there are shady areas he can move to (for example a 3x5x4 tank with light on one side) then you can leave it on a full 12-14 hours, if its a small tank and he can't escape the light then 4-6 at most at a time though quite possibly 4-6 hours at a time twice a day .
Some board members pushed to have Winter removed, but there were concerns such action would lead to more chaos, the governor's spokesman Maviglio said .
We would like to thank you for the roofing job you did on our home .
These numbers are slightly different from the ones you put together a few weeks ago .
Pay extra attention to the appetizers - the next time I go there I'm planning on ordered a few instead of an entree .
There was not one ounce of caring involved and anyone I can warn about the complete lack of service will be warned .
In fact Philippines is famous to accept people like these people i mentioned whose not filipinos but helping the Philippines to plunge in the pit as they are the rot of the country .
Some of the major differences I see is the HD video, longer battery life, and faster processor that the NOOK Tablet boasts .
The long awaited relief you've needed in your love life is around the corner, and by the end of the year you will feel much clearer about your partnerships in general .
I highly recommend Debi, she does an amazing job, I "love" the way she cuts my hair, extremely thorough and cross checks her work to make sure my hair is perfect .
$44m- Amount the Bush-Cheney 2000 campaign and the Republican National Committee received in contributions from the fossil fuel, chemical, timber, and mining industries .
Some 2,000 junior officers of the old Baath army have been recalled to duty in recent months, something Chalabi would have blocked if he could have .
Please only reviews on the three I mentioned earlier .
Ironically (or perhaps not), the notion of the 'degenerate' and 'degenerate art' was appropriated by the Nazis and its origins can be traced back to Jewish 'intellectual' Max Nordau and a 1892 book he authored called Degeneration. .
They said it would be made exactly like the one I needed to replace .
Your answer doesn't do anything but remind me that I'm going to be $25,000 in debt by the time I'm 22 .
Here are some emails we have sent, along with the flyer for the Benefit fund raiser we are holding in June, just for your information .
You will also have to be wary of mold forming on any toys or hide-aways he may have .
The first time I used them they arrived on time and towed car for me to the destination I needed .
I was not happy with the way they looked, very wavy, uneven edges, and with the exception of 1, there is a dip in the center of each nail .
The anthrax letters were sent on the date of the Camp David Accord and then the date Anwar Sadat was assassinated as if to underscore the point to anyone paying attention .
I am not going to go pick up a horse I can't afford .
That's all I know; I've had nothing to do with it .
Yes, it is true that some people don't like the way they think he will vote on the Supreme Court .
If you want to help, please send them to everyone you know who needs to read them .
She had to hack her way through the ceiling of her beauty shop as flood waters rose in the city of half a million people - much of which lies below sea level .
It was the first time i had left a salon with my hair curly .
And there is nothing we can do about it really, people who are suggesting that we go out and fight them are living in dream land .
Best money I've spent on remodeling ever .
The salespeople are never available, the lines are always too long, and all the people want is a sale .
This is car number 3 we've purchased through them .
Not only am I being bilked for money I do not owe, the office staff is rude to boot .
Hands-down the best pasta and gnocchi I've ever eaten (and I've eaten a lot) .
The only difference we noticed is that the EPM horses seemed to do worse on the smaller tracks after .
Easiest Time I ever had purchasing a car !
Her grant for the life saving treatments she needs has run out, and we need to help her to continue to receive these treatments .
These are some of the things I've been wondering.. .
We believe it addresses many of the issues and concerns you have raised in the workshops .
It was the best Chinese food I have ever had .
Has the disaster affected the way other countries view the US ?
In this hard economic times is very important to save money Very reasonable prices top quality work The owner operator he does all the the work with Helpers very friendly I definitely recommend this this guys Don't get jack by big companies that they pay alot of money to be on top of the list Thank s
6 - Number of months before 11 September that Cheney's Energy Task Force investigated Iraq's oil reserves .
I know that we address audit rights in the LLC agreement so this may not matter anyway if this is a right they already have .
Even Zawahiri's attorney in 1999 said that Bin Laden and Zawahiri were likely to resort to the biological and chemical agents they possessed given the extradition pressure senior Al Qaeda leaders faced .
To promote one of the most trivial interests we have, thousands of animals are tormented for their whole lives. "
2.5 - Number of hours after Rumsfeld learnt that Osama bin Laden was a suspect in the 11 September attacks that he brought up reasons to "hit" Iraq .
The main thing people do there is go to the beach .
But in the meantime, highly recommend jeans and long sleeves anytime you'll be interacting with the kittens .
$3m - Amount the White House was willing to grant the 9/11 Commission to investigate the 11 September attacks .
Dr. Chao you are the best dentist I have ever had .
This is my first time posting to the list, so I feel somewhat embarrassed by "promoting" a song I wrote, but I think it is fitting because it is directly tied to extreme animal suffering as a result of human lack of empathy, but an abundance of human greed .
Maybe you should ignore the sentiment of the quote I sent earlier.. .
I could only take it as they would seat the people they know first .
If you knew what kind of "meat" they put in canned cat food you'd understand this .
Please review the attached memo to verify that I have identified all of the products that you are interested in trading in Brazil .
I visited their huge Chicago lighting showroom and all I have to say is WOW! !
I'd forgotten how blown away I was by some of the songs the first time I saw it in NY .
I guess if you have a schtick that is a resounding success once, you can't help but trot it out every time your act is going sour .
At the same time McCartney was going out with Heather Mills, he used Linda's death for promotional ends, due to his waning popularity .
Justin, I have no knowledge of any bad faith actins Enron has pending inTexas but I will call Richard Sanders who manages domestic litgation here .
The picture I described here is not pretty .
A lack of organisation, coupled with the distain for its customers, makes this the worst rental agency I have used .
Get plenty of sleep and make sure you take time out to do some things you enjoy .
5 - Number of years the Bush administration said in 2003 that global warming must be further studied before substantive action could be taken .
His explosive temper probably provoked the disastrous siege of Fallujah last spring, killing 600 Iraqis, most of them women and children, in revenge for the deaths of 4 civilian mercenaries, one of them a South African .
The kind of support they provide is simply great!! !
It's without a doubt, the best service experience I've ever had and just to be clear, the price he charged me was the same as my tire guy in Nashville's price for putting on the other rear tire .
I know that we address audit rights in the LLC agreement so this may not matter anyway if this is a right they already have .
This is by far the worst chinese food I have ever had .
The only difference we had was for package V02 .
And the basic idea behind the Checks and Balances we have is that if one branch of the Government goes crazy, the other two can hold it down .
The mysteries of the universe continue to attract and intrigue you, as you apply your mystical awareness to the important decisions upcoming in your life, especially concerning partnerships of all kinds .
Don't you think it's time we talked ?
50 - Percentage of Americans who approved of the way Bush was handling his job as president on 15 October 2003 .
Yes,but be sure that your chickens are all hens(I mean not roosters),Roosters may attack rabbits or anything they see moving,so be aware of that,hens are friendly with almost all kinds of pets !
15 - Average number of minutes Bush spent reviewing capital punishment cases while governor of Texas .
Though ''decided'' is probably not the right word, since from the day they were born, these girls and boys were not taught to think for themselves but to blindly follow their leaders .
Well, sure enough, when I heard the cats "Meowing," I imagined the hellish moments these poor beautiful creatures of God were living, what went on in their tiny, sweet little minds, and decided that I want to do something about this torture .
But that means nothing, since they weren't the sort of things guys like Bush told the "girls" .
I use propane with a blower and a burner I built http://www.mikegigi.com/meltmetl.htm and http://www.mikegigi.com/firehole.ht m
The best part is I got my whole bathroom remodeled for about the same price the other company's were quoting just to fix the shower tile and fixtures .
When having your car worked on you have to trust the mechanic & this Midas is truly someone you can trust !
Their chauvinisms got to the point that even they themselves hated each other .
$46m - Amount the Bush administration has budgeted for port security in 2005 .
This means that I could be away from the office for several days and miss a message entirely, because it would have expired and disappeared by the time I returned .
I have a copy of the document I can give to you tomorrow .
90 - Percentage of Americans who approved of the way Bush was handling his job as president on 26 September 2001 .
Just recently discovered them last time I was down there, they're very nice) www.kaffeeeis.co.n z
I know that we address audit rights in the LLC agreement so this may not matter anyway if this is a right they already have .
Will be getting a copy of the blood results the owner has already ran as well .
Most of the girls I was meeting had grown up in Mujahedeen schools in Ashraf, where they lived separated from their parents .
This is the year you'll want to take stock of your career and ask yourself if you're doing the work you want to do for the rest of your life .
James Bateman came the day I called and fixed the problem quickly and efficiently .
‘’It was the first time that Bush totally focused on the Taliban threat rather than Al Qaeda with the Pakistanis,’’ says a Western diplomat .
The last I knew after you and Brent drafted this starting point for fundamental operating standards was that this was being circulated (Shona took this to do after Brent's return to Houston) for comments to all business controllers .
In the same way that no country has a law against cannibals eating its prime minister, because such an act is unthinkable, international law does not address killers shooting from hospitals, mosques and ambulances, while being protected by their Government or society .
I propose we have a conference call with Bob Fagan on Fri July 20 at 1:00 pm Calgary time to discuss any areas of concern/confusion you may have .
...but basically, what I do is the same thing I did with my puppy...lots of patience, lots of time, lots of praise, lots of treats, and lots of repition....Right ?
Please disregard and destroy the form you received on July 2, as well as any blank forms retrieved from the PEP system prior to that date .
I passed along to Liz Austin your request regarding pleadings A&K has filed setting forth the Trustee's position in connection with the enforcement/nonenforcement of the power contracts and what remedies the Trustee is seeking .
Do you also have a SSD we can use ?
We arrived Sunday at about 230 and found a do we really liked .
Archibald says Mr. Bush would come into the office and, in a friendly way, offer up stories about the drinking he'd done the night before, kind of as a conversation starter .
After the way she spoke to me on my last visit, I will not be returning! !
2. Short of chartering your own ship and crew, I don't see any way you could customize your own itinerary .
When most of the food or drinks I got only included two !
I am having a meeting with Vicki and Janet Dietrich on Thursday to discuss our view on the ability to extend our current contracts in CA (for customers already on DA) .
$0 - Amount Bush allocated for port security in 2003 .
In this day its rare to find such wonderful people who CARE , Not the kind of want to make cash .
The only difference we had was for package V02 .
It is reasonable to credit his statement that he got the lesion after bumping into a suitcase he was carrying at a camp in Afghanistan .
$59,339 - Amount the Bush campaign reimbursed Enron for 14 trips on its corporate jet during the 2000 campaign .
$23.8b - Amount the United States spent on international aid and diplomacy in 2002 .
She also seems to hate it whenever I ask her out on a date, to the point she said stop !
She told me she could not use the piece I was returning and the company would only put it in the trash so I could not return it .
the first night i brought her home i did the sniffing under the door thing and left it at that .
Take a photo of a very light plain subject close to the lens using long exposure and smallest aperture you have - over expose by a couple of stop s
This would be on a walk-in basis as we want to have the freedom of finding a place that looks good (Not relying on pictures from the internet) and is in a spot we like .
Also, if you think of anything else I can do to strengthen my overall application file for next year, please let me know .
Days away: Sept. 21 through Oct. 3 (assuming you work on the day we leave and go back to work the day after we return )
$6.1m - Amount the EPA historically valued each human life when conducting economic analyses of proposed regulations .
Attached is a rough draft of my talking points for a panel I'll be on at a CEM conference in SF on Thursday afternoon .
I've had a few great shots ruined myself because there was something in the background I didn't notice at first .
After looking at the menu and seeing the new menu items they had, we knew we were in for a treat !
We save $21,000 in real money this way, the cash refund Sun is giving Enron for our other server, using a box that wasn't being used by anyone .
"All you have to do is look at the photographs," Ed Bangs, wolf recovery coordinator for the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, told UPI's Blue Planet ,
After discussions with the commercial group I propose that that redlined language be added to the attached Dynegy agreement and to the 4 other negotiated rate agreements we've done .
33 - Percentage of the $15bn Bush pledged to fight Aids in Africa that must go to abstinence-only programmes .
If this is the best that Tucson has to offer, I am outta here.. .
Antichrist John Lennon wanted to compete with Jesus Christ, and so he grew a beard and started to make a bogus role of Christ together with Yoko Ono at the Amsterdam Hilton hotel proclaiming "Peace", being then when he was visited by the Canadian journalist who ridiculized and admonished him wanting to know about what Lennon meant when he wrote in the lyrics of "The ballad of John and Yoko": "the way things are going, they're going to crucify me...", The CURSE OF GOD upon John Lennon carried on with all type of miseries and distresses which made Lennon give the interview to the "Rolling Stone" magazine (today condensed in the "Lennon remembers" book) where he speaks about how bad thing were going for him blaming "whatever is up there" for it (referring to God) .
Even though they still charge you the days you booked but won't use, it is worth the get the hell out of this crap hole .
I think they may even be better than the pair I have been using this past year !
First and Last time we'll eat ther e
$113m - Amount of total hard money the Bush-Cheney 2000 campaign received, a record .
Yet, this is no comparison to the advancements you'll make overall, and by the end of 2005, you'll look back in sheer wonder and happiness .
I don't believe that we are quite at the point that we can say that all business controllers worldwide have reviewed, understand and have implemented these standards .
Some 200,000 guns the US sent to Iraqi security forces may have been smuggled to terrorists, it was feared yesterday .
I mean, I don't care if he doesn't know, but if he pretends to know and tells me BS to my face, there's no way I'm going to trust him when matters turn to the price of the car and financing .
14 - Percentage carbon dioxide emissions will increase over the next 10 years under Bush's own global-warming plan (an increase of 30 per cent above their 1990 levels) .
All you have to do, and It Really works!! !
I know you are very worried, but getting her to the vet is the best thing you can do for her .
Every time I go, Kevin, the manager, will always remember my family and I .
We have had enthusiastic responses from companies such as AT&T, Duke Energy, Pitney Bowes and DaimlerChrysler, and I would be pleased to answer any questions you may have about this focal point for our educational efforts. ?
i couldn't be more happier with the way my garage looks .
And every entree we have ordered is perfect .
The central question behind the palace coup is whether Terry Winter, the president of the Independent System Operator, acted alone when he took steps to remove key price caps designed to limit the amount power generators could charge .
Their BBQ chicken pizza is one of the better ones I have ever had .
This has to be some of the worst pizza I have ever had the misfortune of ordering .
I came back with the receipt Ahmed had provided upon my purchase, and the guy took forever to copy it but said that he would take care of the situation .
But like i said nothing ever came of It.. the next time I saw him He had told Me he had To get married to a girl Who he worked with becuse he knocked Her Up. .
I played dumb and asked him questions that I already knew the answers to and he responded with half truths and a few falsehoods .
It's about time we got together .
While most U.S. secretaries of state -- save perhaps Dean Rusk -- have gobbled up credit for outcomes that they had little to do with, few have been as brazen as Colin Powell .
I asked if they could copy the piece I dropped off .
$30,858 - Amount Bush himself saved in taxes in 2003 .
Excellent service, Not only did they get the exact car I wanted win in 48 hours but the sales man also took me out to lunch .
I've read the materials you sent and agree we need to address these allegations appropriately .
He did not give them the number of troops they requested .
By Friday December 1st, could you please tell me the percentages/amount of time you spent on East Coast Power during the months of October and November .
"Calculation of Floating Amount: The Floating Amount payable by [ENA] on a Payment Date will be calculated for that Payment Date as follows :
I will never return there again (and now have some serious doubts about the quality of work they actually performed on my car) .
500 - Number of days Bush has spent all or part of his time away from the White House at his ranch in Crawford, Texas, his parents' retreat in Kennebunkport, Maine, or Camp David as of 1 April 2004 .
This is the year you're going to be doing a lot of travel and learning about your world, as expansion is the theme .
One is a special tool to detect damage to the thermal-protective tile while in orbit - something the Columbia crew would have welcomed .
I can't say enough good things about Karla and the wonderful things she has done for me and my dog Gracee .
On my panel, Loretta Lynch asked Reliant and Duke to supply her with the details of the contracts they cut to sell their power forward to marketers .
That was the day that GOD'S CURSE fell upon the world of Rock .
The media coverage has been seriously confused on the issue of motive and the reason Senators Daschle and Leahy would have been targeted -- tending to simplistically view them as "liberals. "
The only thing I found edible were the potato wedges, I finally gave up, he kept trying - he found the fried wantons to be OK - His Mongolian bowl was awful .
In the second room it took 3 tries to get all the towels and linens we requested .
The real purpose of my call, however, is related to the services we will provide to support the aspirational statements of the Protocol .
Is there anyone else we should tell ?
Meanwhile, Arthur Levitt has agreed to meet with us in September to brainstorm on the ideas we've generated and also to give us a sense of some of the issues as he sees them .
What became known as the palace coup began on Oct. 26 when ISO board members voted for severe restrictions on the amount of money electricity producers could charge for power .
Another thing you can try .
The Worst Chinese I've Ever Ha d
The only notable difference I have noticed is that in the south of Ireland one night of the wake is often held in the chapel the night before the funeral, this tradition started after the civil war .
28 - Number of vacation days Bush took in August 2001, the month he received a 6 August Presidential Daily Briefing headed "Osama bin Laden Determined to Strike US Targets. "
After going to the hospital and paying ER prices ... there is no way I won't be back here! !
Can you accept that the road we are travelling points toward a grim and painful future ?
I looked at the UEComm Master and had some comments--such as our name is wrong, the cross default threshold for us should be US $ and not AUD, and there were a few other questions I had .
Unless you want to take the "tell the customer how wrong she is and try and force her into a dress she's obviously not loving" approach which will likely get you... uh... nowhere .
Overall they aren't very knowledge about the type of games are on the market .
They also have the best tea I ever had, not at all like the junk you get at the grocery stores, I stock up when ever there because they are closed in the winter .
They have the best Egg Drop Soup I have ever tasted .
All you have to do to make it authentic Jamaican food, is add a whole lot of pepper .
I just like the fact that he was able to do the specific type of repair I wanted (a reball) and give me the longest warranty and even a lower price .
All I say is, it works .
He didn't have my number either because this was the first time I've called HIM instead of his dad .
I didn't know that I didn't register him in the ridiculous amount of paperwork I had filled out in the hospital and was supposed to go to city hall within 90 days .
When I finally found someone at the desk who could speak English, they moved our room, but we still did not receive the single queen we had "reserved "
took a bit of searching to discover that POP is probably PoP - plaster of Paris and yes plaster of Paris will slow way down if it is not exposed to air - in fact, if you are building up plaster ("the way you would icing") to do sculpting, which is rather uncommon, you keep the set plaster damp in order to add more unset plaster or you have to wet the area where you will be adding plaster "mud "
Attached is the letter I originally sent to you on May 10 in this regard .
remember to give him the time he needs to feel that the room is his - rush it, and he will be afraid of the whole house for a long time .
http://www.solutions.com/jump.jsp?itemID=1361&itemType=PRODUCT&path=1%2C3%2C477&iProductID=1361 If anything you use has a strong or lingering fragrance it can bother or potentially injure the bird .
Anything you could do to help further my goals would be appreciated .
I FUCKING HATE THIS PLACE EVERY TIME i GO THIS HOT CHICK SHOWS UP AND i MEAN REALLY HOT BUT SHE IS LIKE REAAAALLY DUMB AND THEN THEIR IS THIS OTHER CHICK THAT IS REALY UGLY BUT SHE IS LIKE SUPER SMART SHE COULD BE A SCIENTIST, BUT THEN THEIR IS THIS STONER WHO ALWAYS COMES HERE HIGH AND HE ALWAYS BRINGS HIS FUCKING DOG WHO IS SO HIGH FROM THE SECOND HAND SMOKE I THINK HE IS TRYING TO TALK .
I have finally found a mechanic I trust! !
This is an event you don't want to miss! !
Full reconciliation of contracts within the OBSF to Barclays documentation ( thereby substantiating existence of stock that we have option to purchase ) and to AS400 Barclays accoun t
To Paul McCartney whose company's logo was a person toying with the planets as if he was a god, and who was being very much deluded in his ego trip by the fact that he was made "Sir" (when in England even the road sweeper is made Sir, as long as he produces money for the nation), GOD provided cancer to the wife .
He was incredibly informative about the options I had, giving me opinions on different treatments to choose from .
According to Director of Central Intelligence George Tenet, al Qaeda’s ability to conduct an anthrax attack is one of the most immediate threats the United States is likely to face. "
Accordingly, the only issue left for arbitration is whether our IP (the only one and therefore the one they have to choose) is or is not an economic hardship under the contract .
the primary reason we need these things is for the scenario where a muni does a derivative deal with an open-ended downside, loses $50 million, and then claims that it was not a valid contract .
54 - Percentage of Americans who approved of the way Bush was handling his job as president on 30 September, 2003 .
68 - Number of days after taking office that Bush decided Not to ratify the Kyoto Protocol, the international treaty to reduce greenhouse gases by roughly 5.2 per cent below 1990 levels by 2012 .
13 - Number of vacation days the average American receives each Year .
I gave the woman I spoke with today a "You've been yelped!" card to let her know that Yelp may be a good tool for helping spreading the word about Papeluna .
(From time PA approved and funded to in-service will be 75 days at most .
When was the last time you heard about a ship sinking ?
Let us know and we can add it, and make any other changes you'd like to make at this end .
Ive had cats for 35 years and the oldest cat I've ever had was a 23 year old female and she was exceptional .
Their prices are extremely reasonable for the amount of food you receive .
In Agra I've stayed in a place fellow travellers recommended, they found it in the Rough Guide .
750,000 - Tons of toxic waste the US military, the world's biggest polluter, generates around the world each year .
If the animals are treated in the same way the customers are treated then this leaves a lot to be desired !
From the moment you enter the restaurant, you know you are some place special .
I would reccomend anyone to go see Jana Kueck and Robin Talley to see all the many procedures they have to offer .
after finding the car i wanted they took the time to go over each step and making it as painless as possible .
Your application is still evaluated on a number of criteria, not all of them as "cast in steel" as the points .
53 - Number of days after taking office that Bush reneged on his campaign promise to regulate carbon dioxide emissions from power plants .
The server we had was knowledgeable but he was not as proper as he should have been, acting like he was talking to his friends rather than his customers .
She highly recommended him and described him as the "Saintly Instructor and Simply the Best Instructor there is ....very calm, pleasant and very detailed in giving instructions" .
83 - Number of times Bush mentioned Saddam, Iraq, or regime (as in change) in his three State of the Union addresses .
Grimy work you guys do .
The duck was a 65% glob of chewy fat with no resemblance to the juicy, crispy delicacy it usually represents at other establishments .
The phones and networks are compatible, so the only reason it wouldn't work would be if you have, say, a cheap cell phone company. .
The two lay their eggs inside the cave you made for them .
Anything you could do to help further my goals would be appreciated .
scroll down and this website shows each thing you can buy ( :
Their Food was better then anything I had ever tasted .
Find someone you trust that actually hears you and wants to do the job right .
Half of the 300 phenophases Leopold tracked showed a response consistent with warming .
This document has been modified with the changes that were in the mark-up you faxed to Toni Donohue here a few hours ago .
2000 - Year that Cheney said his policy as CEO of Halliburton oil services company was "we wouldn't do anything in Iraq" .
Please find enclosed EES's request for Volumes for PGE CityGate delvery effective 11/1/01 :
The urge to protect and gather them all in is almost overwhelming, and makes me more grateful for the blessings I have .
I recommend buying a single unlimited Europass and travelling anywhere in the EU your heart desires .
Worst Service I've Ever Experience d
That India is not Yugoslavia and that the "foreigner-led" Indian National Congress can least afford to ignore Indian nationalism, has not struck the conferees, among whom have been several Indian "scholars" and "analysts" ready to say and endorse anything for the sake of a free trip to New York or Vienna .
An editorial in the church-owned Deseret Morning News in Salt Lake City earlier this year acknowledged that "the state's history, a conservative belief in free choice, and an unwillingness to stir up a hornet's nest in the national media have likely all contributed to the kid-glove approach lawmakers and law-enforcement officers have taken when dealing with polygamous communities. "
The main reason I wrote this post is to ask anyone reading this if they know of some way I can help put a stop to this Cat Holocaust .
A taller horse doesn't always mean a horse you can't handle .
The best thing you can do in Okinawa is to go to a beach .
We have attended A Ward Dance Centre for over a year and really enjoy the friendly and welcoming way we are taught Ballroom and Latin as well as the fun filled social dance evening held every Saturday evening... .
100 - Percentage of those decisions that Bush then decided to allow the government to ignore indefinitely .
In October 2001, did the FBI profilers know of the draft message Khalid Mohammed had on the seized laptop (from 1995) that was signed "Khalid Sheik Bojinka" ?
Liberty construction shows up and it's two guys...all I get is 100% sales pitch "We're the best...we're number 50 so we must be doing something right...look at all these certificates that say we're great" .
Is there any tricks I could use ?
$1m - Estimated value of a painting the Bush Presidential Library in College Station, Texas, received from Prince Bandar, Saudi Arabia's ambassador to the United States and Bush family friend .
The asparagus, seared tuna, and lobster tail were the best we ever had .
Kori told me she saw you last night at Steak Night and introduced herself since I failed to do so the last time we went .
Also, if you can think of anything else I can do to strengthen my overall application file for next year, please let me know .
They'll give you a comprehensive list of all the universities that do the courses you want, plus all the information you need to apply .
Because of an international medical convention ongoing in Washington at the same time as our meetings, the Grand Hyatt unfortunately is already booked .
He is kind of hate walking with leash, every time I put the leash on, he will try to bite it .
I would not have gone back, but I couldn't find the particular tire they'd used in stock anywhere else .
"We believe the action we took addressed a severe concern,'' Robinson said .
The American people were NOT having any of it, and elected Richard Nixon to fix the mess LBJ had made (not to surrender like the antiwar movement was demanding) .
The staff was very helpful in finding the right dog for me and the care my pup received was outstanding .
The dangers implicit in any attack upon that nation, however, seem to significantly offset whatever gains could be made in the so-called "War on Terror. "
What I know is that I have a close friend who's aunt disappeared in New Orleans .
I much preferred the one-on-one service here to the experiences I've had with bigger offices and firms .
... Fishing, Jet skies, snorkeling, diving are some of the things you can do for fun .
I would say it really depends on your riding ability, what disciplines you are interested in doing, or plan on doing, etc .
Eagle Transmission determined that much of the work the dealer said needed to be done was unneccesary and what needed to be fixed was only $400! !
Therefore, any trade mark registration that incorporates the word ONLINE as a suffix in the way that you use it will not enable its owner to prevent others from using the word ONLINE .
There must be a reason so many people like it there .
Unless you have a particular skill they need - and firm job offer before going - I would think twice about it !
This would replace the paper copies you and your people are currently getting .
These are the steps I used .
As an outgrowth of the meeting Leslie and I had with Scott and Hunter a couple of weeks ago, we have begun work to develop an electronic tool that would allow us to provide ongoing summaries of FERC gas activities, and possibly electric activities, in a format that can be linked to the Fundamentals intranet site used by the traders .
For weeks, reporters scoured Alabama in search of pilots or anyone who might have remembered seeing Mr. Bush at the time he was serving in the National Guard there .
This is the insidious conspiracy I call "Mommism" .
According to a post she made on the internet, Aafia Siddiqui expressed the same sentiment in connection with US appropriations sought in exchange for the extradition of WTC 1993 plotter Ramzi Yousef from Pakistan .
But she did a fabulous job letting me know what she was doing at all times and styled my hair in a way i could do it at home .
Despite Sept. 11, the United States still supports the Kashmir groups that back jihad as part of the price Washington is paying to keep Pervez Musharraf happy .
28 - Number of vacation days Bush took in August 2003, the second-longest vacation of any president in US history .
0 - Number of times Bush mentioned Saudi Arabia in his three State of the Union addresses .
$3.7m - Amount the EPA valued each human life when conducting analyses of proposed regulations during the Bush administration .
And every time he see some one he will rush to people and jump on them, doesn't listen to me .
I am waiting longer at BNA for my pickups and last time I parked with them, they lost my car key .
The least we can do is pass this news along .
I would like that ability in order to hedge some exposure I have of unexercised vested options .
Disney cruises offer 24-hour room services, and the crews are ready to serve you the way you like .
$80,000 - Amount an Iraqi firm spent (using Saddam's confiscated funds) to build the same factory, after delays prevented the American firm from starting it .
63 - Percentage of oil the United States imported in 2003, a record high .
$10m- Amount Bush cut from the INS's existing terrorism budget .
That's all you can really ask from a car dealer and Michael and Barrett hit all 3 .
It took all the courage I could muster to make an appointment .
Both have shared this country for the last 14 centuries and there is no possible way that one can live without the other .
I called a few different businesses in the area to get estimates , they weren't the cheapest I found but very reasonable .
I've referred everyone i know here and they all feel the same way! !
When the guys arrived (2 hours later than agreed) they told that you have to pay all the tolls they payed coming from Brooklyn and extra $100 for them to drive back from your destination .
Chasing them on issues from the day I moved in (many of them still unresolved as I left) to all sorts of farcical issues with funds, after I left. . . . as soon as I could .
The best value I've found from a Chinese restaurant .
It is always interesting what spin the press will take .
Their sense of humour and calmness when dealing with the little ones amazes me every time I walk in .
"All of the research and all of the preparation I did leading up to the trip gave no indication that there were bears in the Soper [River] valley where we were canoeing," Dr. Fortier said .
I feel that the way some doctors offices work around here is a little bit absurd so I'm happy that these guys don't do those two things in particlular .
I also never have to wait long for a yearly inspection sticker...and never get the usual excuses other shops always gave me..."the inspection guy isn't here today"....for example .
I'll be in Okinawa for about a week so I was wondering what are some fun things I could do ?
Stan may also bring the letter up orally next time he's on the phonne with Gibson or Kyle as an example of how not to handle this situation .
They bake bread fresh daily, they don't press their sandwiches which is the way I like it, and the meat is always fresh .
And, a relationship you begin now will last a very long time - like, for the rest of your life .
Given the chance your cat may only have one kidney, I would think the worst case scenario would be kidney disease, which untreated can lead to possible renal failure .
The finest Christmas Trees i've ever seen .
But he was an inside/outside cat (only one I owned - rest have been 100 0nside cats) .
I have done Yoga for riders for a while, a 20 minute routine I found on YouTube (I think its called "Yoga for horse back riding" hosted by a man) It helped with noticing slight differences in my balance and weight distribution but not really for the way I use my legs and back .
They interviewed me, gave me tests in the software I included on my resume, and placed me in a position that I kept for several years .
Living out of synch with nature is the great disease, from that flows all the tributaries we have come to think of as sickness .
73 - Number of times that Bush mentioned terrorism or terrorists in his three State of the Union addresses .
NOTE: You may want to retain every name and address sent to you, either on a computer or hard copy and keep the notes people send you .
I was able to cancel it but only after paying a $50 fee (which the staff person who signed me up stated I would not have to pay if I had proof of moving) and being spoken to in a very belittling manner .
You do NOT learn the things you were promised .
This is about the fourth time they've done my horse's feet because I just switched back to them .
"It marks the first time in recent years that China has promised to wield its veto power in the UN Security Council against a petition initiated by the United States and backed by France and Great Britain. "
so any price you find, DOUBLE IT figure, $40K at least .
I was experiencing severe back pain to the point I could barely walk or even bare to sit .
All I can say is that I am glad I went in !
Attached are the fax cover pages for each of the Nylon and Polykron Deemed ISDAs I just sent you .
I felt very much like Wedding Gallery was being dishonest and I wouldn't trust them to lace me up in another gown let alone trust them with the gown I will wear on the most important day of my life .
You may find a normal budget hotel for Rs 1000 per night in the cities you mentioned, the links below may help you to find good hotels in Delhi and Agra .
A country deserves the leaders it has, my friends.. .
The graphics are without a doubt the amoung the best graphics I have ever seen for any game and I have been gaming since the MUD days .
1972 - Year that Bush walked away from his pilot duties in the Texas National Guard, Nearly two years before his six-year obligation was up .
The two developments, he said, could eventually enable China's space program to mature to the point that experts could assemble and launch from Earth's orbit a spacecraft capable of circling the moon with astronauts and returning home .
There are a couple ways one could spawn lineatus - mop spawning & water incubating them for two weeks, picking eggs from a mop & putting them in a tray of treated, seasoned water or setting up the parents in a planted tank & moving them so the fry can hatch out there .
The reason he said he didn't put that nail in was because he "didn't want to risk it" with my horse's horrible feet .
All he had to do for a complete victory was allow the military to go into Laos and Cambodia and finish off the shattered Communist forces .
"The Prophet's guidance," says Michael Scheuer, an al-Qaeda analyst who recently retired from the CIA and once headed its Bin Laden unit, "was always, Before you attack someone, warn them very clearly..." The anthrax mailings followed the pattern of letters they sent in January 1997 to newspaper branches in Washington, D.C. and New York City, as well as symbolic targets .
The decor left a lot to be desired and the posters telling me all the reasons 99 was great just served as an ironic contrast against the reality .
I mean, that's the way it works at amusement parks: the longest lines are at the best rides .
But this location has the worst weekend staff I've seen EVER .
$66b - Amount the United States spent on international aid and diplomacy in 1949 .
The poor quality starts at the receptionist desk, where the staff is very impatient and lack the efficiency I once loved about the office .
We also liked the way that Ray checked on the job everyday .
Anna Marie and Govind are very sweet people, and the minute you steep into their school, the calm loving atmosphere takes over, and tension and worries stay outside in the street, whether or not you pick them up again after class is probably a question of practice .
Add aquasafe with the water you put in it .
While it's not cheap, Alto will give you an experience you'll never forget .
The only difference we had was for package V02 .
67 - Percentage of Americans who approved of the way Bush was handling his job as president on 26 September 2002 .
By the time it was over, Bush had served nearly two years .
The charges that they have put some vets up to making against Kerry are false and can be demonstrated by the historical record to be false .
Ironically he almost burst out laughing and it was all he could do to keep his mirth down to a barely controlled smirk .
I found this on a bulletin board and decided to try it: I don't care about the useless pre-fabricated crap this message usually says .
I was looking at the recent pullback in ENE and thinking it might be an opportunity to buy back the calls you sold .
Just a quick message to follow up on the email that I sent you recently inviting you to speak at our forthcoming congress, Risk 2001 Australia, which is taking place in Sydney on 20 & 21 August 2001 .
Go onto the UCAS website, go onto course search and search for the courses you want to do .
Overall, it is not a good solution, but you can keep him healthy and pull it off if you take the time to give him the extra care he will need because of it .
i want to buy a laptop for my girlfriend in ireland,would she be able to just use the dongle she uses for her pc and put it straight in the laptop and it work like normall ?
None, just walk in to the service office and present all the identification you have to prove your identity .
The last I checked, the Satanists have a long way to go to catch up with the death and destruction dealt out by self-proclaimed (though false) Christians .
I came in for alterations (free, by the way) and told her about a stain I had on my new leather purse .
Then the desserts came, and they were hands down the best dessert we ever had .
My myTouch 4G crashes with most custom ROMs I install .
It's the best meal for the money you will find in all of metro Atlanta .
$101m - Amount Lay made from selling his Enron shares just before the company went bankrupt .
Everything they claim is a lie, and this above all .
We'll need to update the numbers for the offer we made to S.D. last week .
I know a lot of people say to wait until he calls you, but it's different because I'm a client and technically that's all I am at this point .
$42,000 - Average savings members of Bush's cabinet received in 2003 as a result of cuts in capital gains and dividends taxes .
49 - Percentage of Americans who approved of the way Bush was handling his job as president in May 2004 .
Last time I got a medium rat it was a girl and my snake handled her easily .
The owner warned me that it was the best salsa I would ever had, and he was right .
The flowers were all that I hoped they would be, I have attended several funerals of late unfortunately and the flowers I recieved from Ana outshone them all .
when i watched werewolf in london ( great film) that was the only time i saw the yorkshire moors .
The pizza is usually pretty good, the only bad one we got was on a Friday night and it just needed to be cooked a little more, but it was still good .
It had listed that there was a hot breakfast but all this meant is that they added a waffle maker to the common continental affair at most cheap hotels .
But other people do like the way they think he will vote, and the ones who favor him seem to outnumber the ones who oppose him .
One of the worst experiences I've ever had with a auto repair shop .
-AND JUST MORE STUFF YOU LIKED OVERAL L
Chris and Ben did a marvelous job for Thanksgiving, I can testify that it was one of the best Thanksgiv8ing Dinners I've ever had (I not gonna tell them that, I don't want them getting swell heads) .
Below I pasted the email text, and it has a link to a website that automatically plays this song the author of the email created .
That was the last Ismat heard from her .
I'm glad they want to follow-up with Steve (I've been pushing it) and I've got some follow-up as well based on chats I had in the afternoon on Friday with folks post-call .
Someone else I found that said they could do it but wanted to charge me more and give me less warranty .
The auto mechanics that work for Auto Towing are very friendly and informative and answered any question I had .
The night I drove back home, I found that the rear window has some leakage .
I believe the message you forwarded to me belongs to the Mark Taylor at EI (based in London) .
I trust you and believe that you'll be able to handle this and all you have to do is to reciprocate !
He said after 10 years of DNA testing on northern Rockies wolves, scientists have not found a single strain that did not belong to one of the wolves the agency released -- or their descendants .
IT IS NOT A HIGH END STEAK HOUSE, MORE OF THE CUISINE BRETT ENJOYS IN MISSISSIPPI .
Wherever he is, authorities need to focus on the traceable connection between him and those he or Atef recruited .
You shouldn't ask this question it's intimidating, if i tell you what people knows about Philippines you will blush, thank god many thinks i'm japanese just because of the way i keep myself, the way i talk and treat people, and the way i dress, so if you don't want nasty, insulting answers especially from those undesirable migrants like puttagenius, caloy, gro science, and irene .
The draft you received has been approved by Dan .
This draft reflects the changes we discussed during our call the other day .
extend the time he is out each day, but for the first month, always put him in his room at night, so he feels safe to sleep .
THEN put the eggs in water treated a couple of days before with a water treatment and left open to "breathe" .
I will attach the letter explaining the benefit we are sponsoring .
We got to talking and he got me set up and I test drove with Craig and I fell head over heels for this car all I kept saying, " was I gotta have it! "
In the three years I have been here, I am unaware of an ENA/ECT bad faith claim against any insurance company .
I have my paralegal gathering the pleadings Enron requested .
Please use this new file as opposed to the one I sent earlier .
Also, please pass this along to everyone you know, and all of your email contacts .
Will be staying here any and every time I come anywhere near .
My dental surgeon, Dr. Lucy Nichols is clearly a dental perfectionist and clearly proud both of the work she does and the reputation she has established .
Perhaps Jim Armogida can assist in revising them as I am sure he is more familiar with the way Enron Corp. likes their resolutions drafted than we are .
Also depends on the space you have, how much time you can handle the pet, how much money you can spend, etc .
(Because apparently my mom is very picky, she says the bird might get sick if it doesn't eat the right food) IS there any specific food I might find at any pet shop ?
I was amazed at the spiel they delivered .
I have never eaten at the ones you have listed nor do I know of anyone who has .
That's kind of the way it goes..lol .
This is the only place I have ever eaten and been told to leave because other people were waiting .
My question is does that mean it gives him not only the heat, but the "sun rays" he needs ?
Not only was it a good cut but my wife and friends comment on my hair every time I leave...saying it's the best look I've ever had .
These are the kids who will destroy society, because of the crapfest the American family has become under the post hippie culture, you heard again .
$5m - Amount a 1996 federal commission was given to study legalised gambling .
as an example they took payment for 5 out of 6 monthly plan premiums for a yearly policy and cancelled the contract for the remainder of the policy for reasons they stated was not receiving information on other licensed drivers in the household ?
I rrly seek the cehf out to introduce myself-- but the second time we went-- i made a point of asking our wait person to introduce my friend and myself to the chef to tell him just how good our meals were .
1561 Last time castling was 2 separate moves .
It's always a bang-your-head-against-the-wall moment, reading again the play the incompetence theory receives, even from some of the Administration's harshest mainstream critics .
I would rate Fran pcs an A+ because the price was lower than everyone else, i got my computer back the next day, and the professionalism he showed was great .
its for a craft project.....i want to use it the way u would use icing... .
$3,500 - Reward a group of veterans offered in 2000 for anyone who could confirm Bush's Alabama guard service .
Auto Towing is one of the best towing services I have used .
Every time we go they seem to have a different ingredient or two which keeps things interesting .
If you think of anything else I can do to strengthen my overall application file for next year, please let me know .
It is easy to note the uneasiness of McCartney when he sings: "I've got a feeling, a feeling I can't hide..." in front of Yoko in the film .
Took me a little longer to review and revise Adam's first drafts than I had thought (there's a lot going on here, as you'll see soon) .
I bought about half of the furniture I own from this place .
If so go for it and I'll give you all the moral support I can as you figure out what is up .
I have been extremely pleased with the signs and pop-up banners she has supplied to me over the years - a truly first class family business run by Tina and her husband Chris .
The next time you feel like being condescending to someone, it is not going to be me!!!!! !
On the other hand, a certain transition democracy, as in Jordan, may be a better temporary solution, paving the way for the real thing, perhaps in the same way that an immediate sudden democracy did not work in Russia and would not have worked in China .
I read the Civet Cat story from a little while ago, and tonight, when my Mom emailed me about it, I re-read it, and went to the website with the song the author of the email created .
37 - Death toll of US soldiers in Iraq in May 2003, the month combat operations "officially" ended .
At some point, I'd like to talk about the diversification strategy in more detail -- perhaps over dinner or a quick meeting after the markets close ?
I could not go to their country and demand they slaughter and sell an animal as meat the way I prefer to eat it .
His military intelligence has captured major figures like Abu Zubayda and Khalid Shaykh Muhammad, as well as nearly 500 other al-Qaeda operatives, over 400 of whom the Pakistanis have turned over to the US .
The people rejected their attempt to topple the government, and for all intents and purposes the US military (and the ARVN) handed Johnson the victory he had ordered them to achieve within the time-frame he ordered it .
President Bush has always said that working for Blount was the reason he transferred to the Alabama Air National Guard .
0 - Number of times Bush mentioned Osama bin Laden in his three State of the Union addresses .
I don't want to waste my time on routes set for children, but I don't want to take on something I can't handle just to strain myself to exhaustion .
Somehow, since she supposedly doesn't know any names of designers/dresses, after I told her the designer and dress name of the one I was comparing, she knew "exactly which dress" I was referring to and disagreed with my observation; she said that the bodice did come as low as the one I had on .
And between the time I began my research and the time I applied, the minimum score did change once .
It has to be one of the nicest pubs that i have been into in a long time, the decor is nice and it has a really nice garden and a lovely decking area .
An early September 2003 Newsweek article included a rumor by a Taliban source that at a meeting in April 2003 Bin Laden was planning an "unbelievable" biological attack, the plans for which had suffered a setback upon the arrest of Khalid Shaikh Mohammed ("KSM") .
Whether they pay me or not, if their parents get into an accident, stuck in traffic, etc. THE LAST THING I WOULD DO IS LET A CHILD GET RAPED BECAUSE I WASN'T PAID .
50- Percentage of screened workers at Ground Zero who now suffer from long-term health problems, almost half of whom don't have health insurance .
Well, unless of course the third compressor he put in the car goes out .
The result will be a dramatic escalation in US and civilian casualties, US forces will be required to bunker themselves further into their bases, and US forces will find themselves required to fight the very government they just finished helping into power .
The best there is in service .
Your cycle of learning through the school of hard knocks has come to an end, Gemini, and now you're going to start reaping the rewards these "lessons" have left in their wake .
The name started as a joke boasting about the amount of information the search-engine would be able to search .
The only reason I switched away from them in the first place is because my good friend who apprenticed with them was starting out on his own .
Dave is a patient and methodical teacher, who has a great ear and sensitivity for his students' passion and the direction they want their lessons to take .
Sara, here are the trader guidelines I developed for UK gas, UK power and Nordic power .
(c) Are you happy with the draft letter to Beachcrofts I sent you ?
This is one of the worst places I have stayed, we cut out stay short and went to the Mulberry .
He was less than half of the price of the cheapest quote we got, and his work was top notch .
To my friend, thank you for your recommendation... you were true to your words in saying Gerry is a "Saintly Instructor ...Absolutely Simple the Best Instructor and Best Driving school there is !
Correspondents who flocked in to cover the tsunami found they also had another story - the miserable security situation surrounding the Indian navy's Far Eastern Naval Command, now being established along with India's "blue water navy" .
$205m - Amount Enron CEO Kenneth Lay earned from stock option profits over a four-year period .
If I wait, would the tours I find there for less money be the same quality type tours ?
your male is hurting her to put her in her place - biting her scruff is dominance and biting the belly is a move cats use when hunting - to pull the guts out of their prey .
