 I took the weekend off and came in and asked for the manager who is Jeff and he remembered her right away even remembered her dog, I was a bit shocked that someone would pay that close attention .
 We were introduced to Bistro Tallulah by traveler-professional diner who happens to own the Adelphi Hotel and travels the world-- and residing in Paris,London, New York the rest of the year .
 The same week, the WTC head testified that while they had not received any briefing on the use of planes, they had taken steps to prepare for an attack using anthrax based on intelligence that had been received .
 This Friday - Michael goes for a visit at St. Francis, which may be his new school (so far, so good) .
 Chicken saltimboca was excellent and then there's the chocolate mousse that comes straight from heaven .
 That brings the story to May 1972 — the time that has been the focus of so many news reports — when Bush “deserted” (according to anti-Bush filmmaker Michael Moore) or went “AWOL” (according to Terry McAuliffe, chairman of the Democratic National Committee) .
 So, yes, America has pockets that are more diverse than others .
 By the way, I am interested in re-looking at a Picasso (although we have 2) that your gallery had a couple of years ago .
 22 - Number of hours prisoners were handcuffed, shackled, and made to wear surgical masks, earmuffs, and blindfolds during their flight to Guantanamo .
 We can do a Popup notification along with changing the number on the Web page, we can also put out a Critical message which will send an Email to customers .
 I came to know of you in my search for a reliable and reputable person to handle a very confidential business transaction, which involves the transfer of a huge sum of money to an account requiring maximum confidence .
 I would have interest in meeting if you can present unique investment opportunities that I don't have access to now .
 The atmosphere alone deserves 4 stars but, the food was not up to par with the price tag and the reputation the restaurant carries .
 What are some fun things I could do while in Japan ?
 $3.8bn - Amount in the Superfund trust fund for toxic site clean-ups in 1995, the Year "polluter pays" fees expired .
 Is there any way can let him know how to walk with leash  ?
 An Iraq in which armed fundamentalist and nationalist militias proliferate is inevitably a security worry for Israel .
 Moreover there are now major covert attempts under way to try and bring back to Kabul leading Taliban commanders, who have been living quietly in Pakistan and have taken no part in the Taliban insurgency .
 When those lucky enough not to have Herpes create a climate of shame and indignity for those of us who do, not only are they hurting us, but they are hurting themselves .
 It is difficult to imagine a justification for any action that could envelop the United States in a military and economic conflict with Iraq, Iran, Syria and China simultaneously .
 China's overtures to join the U.S.-led effort to develop the 16-nation international space station have been thwarted for more than a decade over a range of issues, including the Asian country's human rights policies and worries it could acquire technologies that could pose a security threat .
 And this is a direct result of the Politically correct, permissive, time out granting bullshit liberal culture that has caused this .
 0 - Number of times Bush mentioned global warming, clean air, clean water, pollution or environment in his 2004 State of the Union speech .
 When China's currency ceases to be undervalued, American shoppers in Wal-Mart, where 70 percent of the goods on the shelves are made in China, will think they are in Neiman Marcus .
 A 1971 evaluation called Bush “an exceptionally fine young officer and pilot” who “continually flies intercept missions with the unit to increase his proficiency even further. ”
 We both kept trying to find something we liked .
 From there you end up with electrolyte imbalances, which can lead to heart and kidney problems .
 As a child in the 50's I had a lot of glandular problems and they treated it with radiation therapy (primitive at best!) and stopped when a lesion on my neck started enlarging--they said it was not CA but stopped the treatments... .
 Also, you will notice this interconnect may not be subject to the CIAC tax gross up, but to protect ourselves, we have added language in Para 3.2 that protects us financially if the IRS ever comes back to determine that this interconnect is subject to the CIAC tax .
 I found her through a colleague one day when one of my clients was in the midst of a panic attack and needed professional help that I am not qualified to provide .
 $80 for a dish that has about one small lobster tail and is full of filler vegetables !
 The ARVN was not having a big problem with the Local VC (the guerilla movement), they were being challenged by the Main Force VC (which was light infantry) and the North Vietnamese Army (NVA) .
 There is no doubt that many Iraqis regard the date of 30 January as a day of renewed hope, one they have been awaiting all their lives, but at the same time, many others are already dreading it .
 I have a 5 year old that lost all of his cheek muscle on the right side about 3-4 months ago .
 I would appreciate reviews from anyone who has worked with me before in the mental health setting .
 I doubt he will be extradited to Venezuela, which is the only way that question could be answered with a Yes .
 He brought fabric books, and pictures of furniture only, which all came way over budget .
 If you think that May 1 may be difficult due to receiving the parts/materials on a timely basis because of the issues that vendors may have with us because of recent Enron events, please let me know .
 A word about the millions of decent, honest, good people who are either devout Moslems or are not very religious but grew up in Moslem families: They are double victims of an outside world, which now develops Islamophobia, and of their own environment which breaks their heart by being totally dysfunctional .
 Jurisdictions which are are approved to trade credit derivatives: Finland, Germany, Norway, Sweden, Switzerland, the U.K, and the U.S. .
 You'll find practical ways of increasing your effectiveness in the world by gaining new skills that allow you to live more abundantly .
 And all that time you're overseas you'll be racking up interest .
 Here is the Job Description and the Operational Accountabilities for the position I mentioned to you last Sunday .
 Well, again, I am now faced with a tax bill of $6,000+, all due on April 15, 2010 and all that Rod has to say to the matter is 'well, you won't have to pay a penalty. '
 The neon lighting sign still said "on" yet some guy who seemed to be the oldest of the bunch, more like the drunkest of the bunch told me they'd be open tomorrow .
 We envision a format that would provide a brief summary and analysis of the order, filing, etc. with a link to the source document as well for those who would like more detailed information .
 Is this related to the problems he is having getting around (circulatory?) ?
 Seizures will occur when the toxins that the kidney normally filters out are released into the blood stream .
 How can I change my boarding station against the ticket I booked a month back from counter ?
 The fact that the US government and media are having a hissy fit over Venezuela wanting to buy guns, and then 200,000 of the guns Chavez wants to buy go missing on their way to Iraq is definitely sus .
 The screw-up was the kind of things you have happen when you have bean-counters (and McNamara was nothing if not a bean-counter) instead of soldiers in charge of the military .
 I did an overnight in a home stay that was sweet and the water market was wonderful .
 SOLAS (Safety Of Life At Sea), which is an international maritime treaty, came about in response to the tragedy of the Titanic .
 Overall, 2005 is sure to be a year you won't forget .
 The only reason I'm giving 3 stars instead of 1 or 2, I should admit, nothing was broken .
 Meagan does have a couple of big things on the weekend in January -- National Charity League Senior Presentation (big dance that she and I are committed to help with), the Bearkadette Ball and a winter party for Cotillion .
 Posada should have told any inquisitive journalist at his doorstep something like Meiring told the single American reporter who bothered following his bloody trail from the Philippines, that "If this harms me in any way, you will find my power then, and you'll find out who I am. "
 The only negative I have abou this place is the parking !
 A team of San Diego's best anti-trust and class action attorneys has been assembled to take on the electric generators and marketers in California state court in an effort to return the electricity overcharges that have battered San Diego and the rest of California this year .
 I believe that Doug told me the extra was for the cashout that was not invoiced .
 Unfair for the girl as boys don't have that kind of handicap, but that's the way our own rules work .
 i was reading the package for a tank heater i bought for my 40 gallon tank for my snake and it said it can be put under the tank or on the side .
 $64.2m - The Amount Pioneers and Rangers had raised for Bush-Cheney as of March 2004 .
 The judge, frustrated by the apparent lack of progress, encouraged that the parties reach a negotiated compromise that would permit some limited discovery to proceed (and the judge has directed that the government to file an Answer to the Complaint) .
 0 - Number of minutes that President Bush, Vice-President Dick Cheney, the Defence Secretary, Donald Rumsfeld, the assistant Defence Secretary, Paul Wolfowitz, the former chairman of the Defence Policy Board, Richard Perle, and the White House Chief of Staff, Karl Rove - the main proponents of the war in Iraq -served in combat (combined) .
 I am forwarding for your attention the resume of Peter Percell who has an extensive experience in modeling physical flows of natural gas in pipeline systems .
 Ok I am a New Yorker who has been going to school in Oxford, England .
 I cant speak for them but any tests or appointments they recommend are probably in the best interests of us (the patient) and you have the ability to decline anything that they suggest to you .
 Useful for younger kids who do not have big enough hands or the ability to handle two reins independently .
 On South Andaman, the most heavily populated island, is Port Blair, which is the capital and the only large town in the entire archipelago .
 More like a cohesive society with a shared sense of purpose, who can identify Us and Them ?
 And all of this is happening in a region, which only 30 years ago, was believed to be the next wealthy part of the world, and in a Moslem area, which developed, at some point in history, one of the most advanced cultures in the world .
 Can we reschedule the phone call for 9 am (Houston) which is 11 am (Sao Paulo) on Friday, Sept. 17 ?
 5 - Percentage of the world's population that is American .
 In the world press, commentators predict that Katrina will make a profound change in the way the US is perceived at home and abroad, especially following the scenes of poverty and racial divisions they believe the disaster has revealed .
 $120b - Amount the war and its aftermath are projected to cost for the 2004 fiscal year .
 What you get is a $13/day charge to access the internet through a slow 512/512kb/s that you can only use to check email etc (Read: No downloading) .
 the irish customs we have in our family are; we make sinnel cake for easter ,barn brack and col-cannon for Halloween .
 The crew at The Creative Workshop went over and above the call of duty and gave me back a car I can drive anywhere and finally enjoy owning .
 They are surrounded by a second wider circle of direct supporters, planners, commanders, preachers, all of whom make a living, usually a very comfortable living, by serving as terror infrastructure .
 49 - Percentage of Americans in April 2004 who found that their taxes had actually gone up since Bush took office .
 Last thing is every time I sit on a chair or something higher than him, he will try to jump on, if he can't, he will bark all the time until I let him get on, what should I do with this  ?
 I also did not feel like they tried to sell me a bunch of services that I did not need .
 It emerged that Chiara, the girl who disappeared with Fabio, had a collection of satanic literature and paraphernalia in her bedroom .
 Plus, I work with Janet a lot so she may get some comfort from that, instead of having a lawyer she hasn't dealt with initial it .
 "There is always the possibility they could jam us up, make us look like we are not numero uno," Pike said .
 Since then, India has talked peace while always signaling that only the status quo would be acceptable as a final settlement: a line of action that is followed in the case of disputes with China as well .
 We had a pretty good idea when we signed the contract that ECS would not be able to complete that by the contract start date, so we negotiated a fall back plan under which ECS is obligated to "assist [Transwestern] in developing a manual system to accomplish the same result and will hold harmless and keep [Transwestern] whole for all cost and expenses" associated with the manual system .
 This unsuccessful venture was soon followed by a falling-out with his Iraqi partner, who sought to acquire additional oil revenue sources in the neighboring emirate of Kuwait, a wholly-owned U.S.-British subsidiary .
 "Calculation of Floating Amount: The Floating Amount payable by [ENA] on a Payment Date will be calculated for that Payment Date as follows :
 We could hear every single thing that happened outside like it was inside our room .
 I WAS ALSO THERE OF JULY 4TH 2008, WHEN MY DAUGHTERS BUFFALO WINGS CAME OUT WITH A FLY ON IT .
 That is another reason why I like competitive trail riding also .
 We can not wait to go back to Santa Fe and to this great B&B...especially my 4 year old, who made friends with Ms. Sue and all the ladies, and has talked about them since we left !
 The Rock revolution came from the nation that allows a church to be changed to a pub or to a dance room or to a recording studio full of drug addicts, homosexuals and lunatics (as that of George Martin, ally of the Beatles) .
 deleting a question where you dont like the answer won't get you better answers... i refer to my previous answer :
 Hibernation is natural, and a necessity for snakes that are going to be bred .
 600-700 - Number of guardsmen who were in Bush's unit during that period .
 Also several days before the elections Pakistan closed the border crossing point at Chaman in Baluchistan which is a key entry point for the Taliban into Afghanistan .
 True, but two in England that we know of were a part of the Essex entourage: Dr. Lopez, who had been physician to Essex' step-father, the Earl of Leicester, had apparently treated the young Essex for some socially unacceptable ailment, and Antonio Perez, who was a guest at Essex House in the early 1590's .
 He is really excited about anybody he see .
 I am saying when comparing all other hotels in Wildwood, this hotel has everything that we are looking for .
 The only thing that was edible was the steamed rice and the vegetable lo mein was barely tolerable .
 We're entering into some interesting and perhaps previously unexplored socio-political-spiritual territory here that may require further examination and serious introspection .
 if there are shady areas he can move to (for example a 3x5x4 tank with light on one side) then you can leave it on a full 12-14 hours, if its a small tank and he can't escape the light then 4-6 at most at a time though quite possibly 4-6 hours at a time twice a day .
 Some board members pushed to have Winter removed, but there were concerns such action would lead to more chaos, the governor's spokesman Maviglio said .
 You who like the tough talk of Tough on Crime ?
 We would like to thank you for the roofing job you did on our home .
 These numbers are slightly different from the ones you put together a few weeks ago .
 In addition, from my understanding one-on-one dates is something that comes much later and not 'straight-away' like us anglo-saxons .
 Pay extra attention to the appetizers - the next time I go there I'm planning on ordered a few instead of an entree .
 There was not one ounce of caring involved and anyone I can warn about the complete lack of service will be warned .
 why dont you get some treats that he loves and only give him them when he does something right .
 The Analyst and Associate Programs recognize we have many Analyst needs that need to be addressed immediately .
 Important species that probably would decline include shrimp, capelin, Greenland halibut and some varieties of flatfish .
 In fact Philippines is famous to accept people like these people i mentioned whose not filipinos but helping the Philippines to plunge in the pit as they are the rot of the country .
 The real threat to the Andaman Islands is the steady building-up of ports and conduits that serve the Tamil Tigers and a host of less-strong militant groups .
 Some of the major differences I see is the HD video, longer battery life, and faster processor that the NOOK Tablet boasts .
 Chalabi describing Sha'lan as a "Ba'athist" and a "former double agent for Saddam and the CIA", while Sha'lan dismisses Chalabi as a "thief" and an "Iranian stooge who longs for his own origins by defending Iran" .
 Then again, for the three of us who dined together, two pieces of flatbread left us fighting for more, and licking the hummus from our fingers (and yes, those two pieces of flatbread did represent a three-person order) .
 The long awaited relief you've needed in your love life is around the corner, and by the end of the year you will feel much clearer about your partnerships in general .
 Under President Hu Jintao, Beijing has opened out to New Delhi and Prime Minister Wen Jiabao is expected to visit early next year, making friends by formally accepting Sikkim as part of India and backing India as a permanent member of the U.N. Security Council -- thus leaving Washington as the only one of the "permanent five" that has not yet done so .
 The same demons that made captain Smith say "Not even God can sink my ship" spoke from antichrist John Lennon (from Liverpool, base port to the Titanic) saying: "Christianity is on the go .
 My suggestion is that Global Counterparty use the same name that the customer has signed on the EnronOnline Password Application -- my understanding is that the EnronOnline team returns inappropriate Applications to the customer until they are correctly completed .
 187 - Number of Bush-Cheney fund-raisers who had earned Ranger status (by raising $200,000 each) as of March 2004 .
 I highly recommend Debi, she does an amazing job, I "love" the way she cuts my hair, extremely thorough and cross checks her work to make sure my hair is perfect .
 $44m- Amount the Bush-Cheney 2000 campaign and the Republican National Committee received in contributions from the fossil fuel, chemical, timber, and mining industries .
 You will notice that Questar has requested a "Payment Plan" that details when they will pay Transwestern for the interconnect due to the recent Enron events .
 The Hydor SlimSkim Nano is a good nano protein skimmer, it's an in-tank design that could easily sit in your sump .
 She probably does not even have 10% of the knowledge that some of the other EXPERIENCED vets do in this area .
 I waited about 20 minutes in the store part before anyone was able to assist me and was then told to pull my car into the shop (that is apparently what you are supposed to do, but the big signs pointing you that way are for some reason kept inside the garage, so you don't see them drving up, and they purposely block the front pull-up that all other Sear's use) .
 A bus that runs through UofH arrived and I almost got on without her, but I couldn't do it .
 Some 2,000 junior officers of the old Baath army have been recalled to duty in recent months, something Chalabi would have blocked if he could have .
 You do have to give NASA credit on some things as they have eliminated the "fear of reporting failure" culture that probably led to the lack of reporting defects on the Columbia shuttle .
 You now have it in you to create the kind of life for yourself that you want .
 Please only reviews on the three I mentioned earlier .
 Ironically (or perhaps not), the notion of the 'degenerate' and 'degenerate art' was appropriated by the Nazis and its origins can be traced back to Jewish 'intellectual' Max Nordau and a 1892 book he authored called Degeneration.  .
 They said it would be made exactly like the one I needed to replace .
 Abby Freeman is our good friend who has non-Hodgkin lymphoma, and she needs your help !
 Your answer doesn't do anything but remind me that I'm going to be $25,000 in debt by the time I'm 22 .
 And thats my reason why you should choose a parakeet over a finch .
 Here are some emails we have sent, along with the flyer for the Benefit fund raiser we are holding in June, just for your information .
 The chiro/acupuncturist will be there to evaluate the horse for wobblers which is often caused by spinal compression and can be confused with EPM .
 There is an e-mail by Moussaoui, however, dated July 31, 2001 indicating that he sought to take a crop dusting course that was to last up to 6 months .
 The email confirmation (which I read in the car) warned about large suitcases, declaring that we are innkeepers, not longshoreman .
 We can do a Popup notification along with changing the number on the Web page, we can also put out a Critical message which will send an Email to customers .
 The mass murder happening right now in Sudan, where the Arab Moslem regime is massacring its black Christian citizens, has nothing to do with Israel .
 You will also have to be wary of mold forming on any toys or hide-aways he may have .
 The first time I used them they arrived on time and towed car for me to the destination I needed .
 I was not happy with the way they looked, very wavy, uneven edges, and with the exception of 1, there is a dip in the center of each nail .
 The anthrax letters were sent on the date of the Camp David Accord and then the date Anwar Sadat was assassinated as if to underscore the point to anyone paying attention .
 Payment shall be made, against the receipt of the required documents outlined in the General Terms and Conditions, in the Contractual Currency by telegraphic transfer no later than 30 calendar days after the date on which the Commodity is released to Buyer .
 As far as the EEI goes, the only remaining issue that I'm aware of (aside from finalizing the LOC) is whether we've finished coordinating the Attachment containing the list of prior transactions .
 For example, a set plaster mold that is to be used for clay slip casting must be dry - it gets wet pulling the water out of the slip - while a set plaster mold used for molding wax must be soaking or damp wet http://www.mikegigi.com/castgobl.htm#LGGOBPRO J
 The submarine incident was put down to a "technical error" by the Chinese government, which apologised to Japan .
 I am not going to go pick up a horse I can't afford .
 Unfortunately, our partners from 1991 are not willing to shoulder the burden of this new venture, which in its upcoming phase may cost the sum of 100 billion to 200 billion dollars ($100,000,000,000 - $200,000,000,000), both in the initial acquisition and in long-term management .
 35 - Number of countries to which the United States suspended military assistance after they failed to sign agreements giving Americans immunity from prosecution before the International Criminal Court .
 29 - Percentage of votes that will be cast via computer voting machines that don't produce a paper record .
 That's all I know; I've had nothing to do with it .
 Yes, it is true that some people don't like the way they think he will vote on the Supreme Court .
 If you want to help, please send them to everyone you know who needs to read them .
 She had to hack her way through the ceiling of her beauty shop as flood waters rose in the city of half a million people - much of which lies below sea level .
 One of them is the Rest and Recuperation Program, wherein a child can come to the US for a few weeks in the summer .
 ‘’Pakistan now has a large force deployed in Baluchistan which was not there before,’’ says Lt. General David Barno .
 And that explains the delay in the signing of a formal defense agreement that was at the heart of Sri Lankan President Chandrika Kumaratunga's four-day visit to India recently .
 It was the first time i had left a salon with my hair curly .
 They may look young but don't let that fool you, as their knowledge of music far surpassed what we expected .
 Once the Manmohan Singh government shows that it has little appetite for suicide, Musharraf will face the moment of truth: accept the inevitable, or once again ramp up the insurgency and spawn a fresh lot of killers that can hit not merely Mumbai and New Delhi but London and Chicago as well .
 The US chose to ally itself with such groups as the Supreme Council for the Islamic Revolution in Iraq, whose 15,000-strong Badr Corps paramilitary was trained by the Iranian Revolutionary Guards .
 They were abrasive and rude - when they were the ones who messed everything up .
 And there is nothing we can do about it really, people who are suggesting that we go out and fight them are living in dream land .
 I am following up regarding the status of our comments to the form of guaranty for Pemex that you provided to Lucy Ortiz .
 Lawmakers and consumer groups allege that the events - directed by the man who heads the state's energy grid - fueled the California energy crisis, pushed the state into the power-buying business and helped make billions of dollars for power producers .
 His one-day mission vaulted his communist homeland into the elite circle of spacefaring nations - Russia and the United States - that can launch and sustain humans in space .
 Best money I've spent on remodeling ever .
 The only problem that I have experienced is the landlord .
 Jan Smutney-Jones, who was the ISO board chairman at the time and executive director of a group that represents power generators, said Winter did not consult him about eliminating the price cap .
 I wanted to follow up with you regarding the creation and approval of ISDA Confirmations for the following equity trades that I understand Laurel had discussed with you previously .
 This deviation shows that Eco definitely has a significant amount of option value which can be exploited with quick reactions and favourable market movements .
 The unit of measure against which the price is quoted shall be US Dollars .
 Also, from their own webpage, reasons why NASA is important, in a 5th grade format .
 78 - Percentage of workers at Ground Zero who now suffer from lung ailments .
 The salespeople are never available, the lines are always too long, and all the people want is a sale .
 I knew a cat that died in its sleep aged 21 .
 This is car number 3 we've purchased through them .
 The Wall Street Journal reported that a computer used by Zawahiri contains a June 1999 memo that "said the program should seek cover and talent in educational institutions, which it said were 'more beneficial to us and allow easy access to specialists, which will greatly benefit us in the first stage, God willing.' ' '
 Not only am I being bilked for money I do not owe, the office staff is rude to boot .
 I will 4-ever be eternally grateful for their hospitality and luv that my Sicilian family showed me when I was there for 3 years .
 Hands-down the best pasta and gnocchi I've ever eaten (and I've eaten a lot) .
 You need either a filter for each device except the DSL modem, or a whole home filter which filters all the jacks, except the one which the DSL modem connects .
 Fair give and take on both sides until we agreed on a deal that was within my parameters and was fair to both sides .
 0 - Number of new drugs or vaccines against "priority pathogens" listed by the Centres for Disease Control that have been developed and introduced since 11 September 2001 .
 my name is Josalyn Leainne Creek and i'm 19 years old and i graduated from high in May adn of this year and i love animals and i'm great at working and i had drama in my last job which was mcallister's deli and i', a mormon and i hvae changed to be a better person that pwople are wanting to hirier and i'm willing to work whenever you need me but i go to church on every sunday and i have a doctor's appointment this thursday at 2;30 and i hope you h=guys hirier me because i work very hard and i dont care about how much you guys pay and i've been looking for a job ever since i have graduated and i hate dram a
 The only difference we noticed is that the EPM horses seemed to do worse on the smaller tracks after .
 In one of the emails I attached the letter from the Vet's that expressed their sympathy, this hotel did nothing .
 Easiest Time I ever had purchasing a car !
 Her grant for the life saving treatments she needs has run out, and we need to help her to continue to receive these treatments .
 The millions who died in the Iran-Iraq war had nothing to do with Israel .
 These are some of the things I've been wondering.. .
 We believe it addresses many of the issues and concerns you have raised in the workshops .
 they do that whole thing where you sandwich the pepperoni between layers of cheese for +32 delicious .
 If you have any contacts who could help us get in touch with these guest speakers, please let us know at ethink@enron.com .
 Yes, but this time it is his carotid artery - the one that transports blood to the brain .
 I heard that a company (here is a link: http://news.yahoo.com/nestl-purina-releases-commercial-aimed-dogs-183443091.html ) is trying to make a dog food commercial aimed at dogs, complete with squeaky chew-toy sounds, and high pitched sounds that humans can't hear .
 It was the best Chinese food I have ever had .
 One of “NCRC4ME’s” major efforts is to collect signatures for the attached “Declaration of Religious Leaders,” which has been and will again be presented to members of the NC legislature .
 Has the disaster affected the way other countries view the US ?
 In this hard economic times is very important to save money Very reasonable prices top quality work The owner operator he does all the the work with Helpers very friendly I definitely recommend this this guys Don't get jack by big companies that they pay alot of money to be on top of the list Thank s
 there are many small details, that you would have to work on as you go for doors and windows and roof ,
 6 - Number of months before 11 September that Cheney's Energy Task Force investigated Iraq's oil reserves .
 I know that we address audit rights in the LLC agreement so this may not matter anyway if this is a right they already have .
 The dramatic increase in radiation-induced thyroid cancers in children and adolescents in Belarus, Russia, and Ukraine, which have been observed since 1991, continues to this day .
 Even Zawahiri's attorney in 1999 said that Bin Laden and Zawahiri were likely to resort to the biological and chemical agents they possessed given the extradition pressure senior Al Qaeda leaders faced .
 To promote one of the most trivial interests we have, thousands of animals are tormented for their whole lives. "
 Is that Microwave that you gave Dan really expensive ?
 Ineos is an English company which has a majority of its operations in the US .
 "Iran is now the only regional military power that poses a significant conventional military threat to Gulf stability," continued the CSIS report .
 2.5 - Number of hours after Rumsfeld learnt that Osama bin Laden was a suspect in the 11 September attacks that he brought up reasons to "hit" Iraq .
 The main thing people do there is go to the beach .
 Civet cats are trapped and placed in small cages inside darkened sheds, where the temperature is kept up to 110 F by fires .
 I've pasted the email for those who haven't seen or would like to re-read it .
 270 - Estimated number of court decisions citing federal Negligence in endangered-species protection that remained unheeded during the first year of the Bush administration .
 But in the meantime, highly recommend jeans and long sleeves anytime you'll be interacting with the kittens .
 I have nothing but respect for people who adhear to non-violence, forgiveness, and charity, but it's important to remember that Christians (or 'Smartwolves') do not have a monopoly on that particular lifestyle .
 I can rent another machine for like $60 that will give it a finished look .
 Does Attachment A to the Select EEI Master need to be updated or is the version that you sent to me the current version ?
 She is the one that can't afford to do anything else for him in case he doesn't recover fully .
 $3m - Amount the White House was willing to grant the 9/11 Commission to investigate the 11 September attacks .
 The only way to fight this new "popular" weapon is identical to the only way in which you fight organized crime or pirates on the high seas: the offensive way .
 Dr. Chao you are the best dentist I have ever had .
 I haven't been able to find a shoe repair place in Seattle since that has been able to do it .
 Musharraf held elections in October of 2002, in which center-right parties did well, but in which nearly 20 percent of parliament seats went to the fundamentalist religious party coalition, MMA .
 This is my first time posting to the list, so I feel somewhat embarrassed by "promoting" a song I wrote, but I think it is fitting because it is directly tied to extreme animal suffering as a result of human lack of empathy, but an abundance of human greed .
 Sussex have White Skin which could be recessive or dominate .
 Maybe you should ignore the sentiment of the quote I sent earlier.. .
 Hiller asked, inquiring about Gen. Pervaiz Musharraf, who seized control of the country October 12 .
 The change is mainly on the Settlement Date text, which instead of "...Two business days after the date of the Transaction..." shall read as follow :
 It is not as precise as a pelham bit because it only uses one rein, though the modern ones have two or three slots on which to put the reins .
 I could only take it as they would seat the people they know first .
 I think for starters, myself and those of you who believe in God could say a special prayer for them .
 This is a busy group of hosts they are also running a restaurant, which also must be wonderful - so just ask for what you need, and I'm sure they will do their best to be hospitable .
 However, save some of your shots for the rest of the falls, as in total there are around 270 cascades that spread out over nearly 2 miles of the Iguazu River .
 If you choose to get a parakeet this is a trick that I used to tame them .
 What you see in New Orleans is a perfect example of the downfalls of the welfare system, a form of socialism that many in this country know is the true problem .
 Sharon's hard line has worked in tandem with Hamas's terrorism to ratchet up tensions further and further, which spill over into the Muslim world and serve as a recruiting tool for al-Qaeda in its search for agents willing to hit the United States .
 The theatre is in an old brick warehouse, which is a block away from the Flying Squirrels stadium .
 If you knew what kind of "meat" they put in canned cat food you'd understand this .
 Please review the attached memo to verify that I have identified all of the products that you are interested in trading in Brazil .
 Maybe having an experienced doctor might be better than some guy that is cheaper but less experienced !
 From a moral standpoint,you guys are really gonna take 2,000 bucks from someone that needs that truck to work and support his family when you know its just a piece of scrap metal ?
 With the Taliban failure to disrupt the Afghan elections, the militants are even more isolated from the mainstream Taliban who want to return home .
 Posada's crimes, on the other hand, must seem like ancient history, especially to a people who don't know their history .
 I visited their huge Chicago lighting showroom and all I have to say is WOW! !
 There has been a large Asian presence in the SF Bay Area for a long time--the Chinatown here was the largest population of chinese outside of China, there were lots of Japanese who'd been displaced during WWII .
 Maybe this one should also go to them as the only tax which may have to be provided would be foreign tax .
 I'd forgotten how blown away I was by some of the songs the first time I saw it in NY .
 "Beijing may end up in a early 1990s Japan situation, where it is forced to sell recently purchased overseas assets for a fraction of what it paid for them. "
 I guess if you have a schtick that is a resounding success once, you can't help but trot it out every time your act is going sour .
 I've spoken to vendors who are used by them who had nothing good to say about the company as well and in fact were afraid to quote events against them even though they openly admitted that they felt Canadian Outback was pricing their entertainment out of the market and doing more to hurt their business than help them .
 He also neglected to tell the other person working at the store about a dining room table that I had ordered and that was supposed to be coming in .
 Western sheep and cattle ranchers, on whose behalf this extermination campaign was conducted, gratefully dusted their hands of the wolf and wrote him off as a job well done .
 At the same time McCartney was going out with Heather Mills, he used Linda's death for promotional ends, due to his waning popularity .
 Justin, I have no knowledge of any bad faith actins Enron has pending inTexas but I will call Richard Sanders who manages domestic litgation here .
 try something like photoscape which has different options.. .
 The person who best explains this, and helps me out the best with my question will be REWARDED WITH TEN POINTS!!!!!! !
 But more and more, as metal evolves into a huge international music that belongs to everyone, it has gotten to be something weirder .
 Attached for your review are copies of the settlement documents that were filed today in the Gas Industry Restructuring/Natural Gas Strategy proceeding, including the Motion for Approval of the Comprehensive Settlement that is supported by thirty signatories to the Comprehensive Settlement, the Comprehensive Settlement document itself, and the various appendices to the settlement. ?
 I think it's a good idea since the provisional application is on file - Travis is the internal lawyer who has taken care of the patent application so he will have better ideas for where the words should be placed and appropriate look and feel (I would guess near the copyright notice and roughly equivalent size) .
 You who watch as budgets are cut in education and health care while you militarize a police force ?
 The picture I described here is not pretty .
 52 - Percentage of votes cast during the 2002 midterm elections that were recorded by Election Systems & Software, the largest voting-technology firm, a big Republican donor .
 A lack of organisation, coupled with the distain for its customers, makes this the worst rental agency I have used .
 Get plenty of sleep and make sure you take time out to do some things you enjoy .
 10m - Estimated number of people worldwide who took to the streets on 21 February 2003, in opposition to the invasion of Iraq, the largest simultaneous protest in world history .
 I have never considered this a real problem as I travel without kids and can fend for myself, but when I had to listen to a (non-violent) domestic fight that lasted from 1 AM to 5 AM during my last stay and I found out that the front desk was unmanned during night hours, my choice was to either waste tax payers money by calling for a yet another police dispatch to this hotel, or just get over it .
 I have melted small amounts of bronze in a crucible with a large propane torch (much larger than the plumbers torch, but it can be run of those propane cylinders you can buy for a gas grill) .
 It reminds me too much of the ARVN officers who were secretly working for the other side in Vietnam .
 5 - Number of years the Bush administration said in 2003 that global warming must be further studied before substantive action could be taken .
 His explosive temper probably provoked the disastrous siege of Fallujah last spring, killing 600 Iraqis, most of them women and children, in revenge for the deaths of 4 civilian mercenaries, one of them a South African .
 The kind of support they provide is simply great!! !
 Zacarias Moussaoui, who had a crop dusting manual when he was arrested, stayed at Sufaat's condominium in 2000 when he was trying to arrange for flight lessons in Malaysia .
 Furthermore, I would like to reiterate that RAC's goal, prior to quoting any credit reserve, is to be 100% confident that: (i) the methodology that is being employed is consistent among the internal groups; and (ii) the inherent value of the price risk management contracts matches .
 Did you get a chance to find those GTC's for ENA that you can forward this way ?
 "There have been large numbers of population extinctions in Mexico and southern California in areas where the habitat is still acceptable. "
 We are a consortium of legit honorable guilds that was established in 1997 for DI and we are now adding GW to the list of games played .
 If you were of integrity, the program will continue and the money that so many others have received will come your way .
 Look for a lot of stripes in their head that starts from the beak and goes back to the back fo the bird .
 Also, you will notice this interconnect may not be subject to the CIAC tax gross up, but to protect ourselves, we have added language in Para 3.that protects us financially if the IRS ever comes back to determine that this interconnect is subject to the CIAC tax .
 It's without a doubt, the best service experience I've ever had and just to be clear, the price he charged me was the same as my tire guy in Nashville's price for putting on the other rear tire .
 Perhaps we should look at the death metal phenomenon less as an invitation to violence than as a couter-cultural response to the over hypocrisy of a large percentage of the 'Church-Morality' crowd, which gives a lot of lip service to loving thy neighbor, but doesn't apply that love very far beyond their own congregation .
 The purpose of the letter bombs -- which resulted in minimal casualty -- was to send a message .
 If you need more, there is a proposal from the documentation committee for a new alternative for calculating termination amounts (we heard about it in Amsterdam) that I think will be particularly attractive to the energy markets .
 I know that we address audit rights in the LLC agreement so this may not matter anyway if this is a right they already have .
 I have a few entities that may need to change groups or be assigned to a group .
 This is by far the worst chinese food I have ever had .
 The only difference we had was for package V02 .
 Is there some specific concern that we can address ?
 NOTE:If i see a answer that i love i will make my best right there and the n
 Unreported by the international media, the Valley of Kashmir has seen an ethnic and cultural genocide that has resulted in the fleeing from the valley of almost all the Hindu families who have been living there since human habitation was first recorded .
 101 - Number of Bush administration public statements on National security and defense in the same period that mentioned missile defence .
 There is one place in Alabama where Mr. Bush was present nearly every day: the headquarters in Montgomery of US Senate candidate Winton "Red" Blount .
 I then called the 800 number (which was answered) and inquired about last minute rates .
 And the basic idea behind the Checks and Balances we have is that if one branch of the Government goes crazy, the other two can hold it down .
 Scientists can argue all they want about how many degrees Celsius -- or Fahrenheit -- the planet is warming and what the trend portends, but meanwhile Earth's plants, insects and animals are not waiting for the outcome .
 The mysteries of the universe continue to attract and intrigue you, as you apply your mystical awareness to the important decisions upcoming in your life, especially concerning partnerships of all kinds .
 Don't you think it's time we talked ?
 11. In Events of Default, clause (a) refers to a dispute section which I'm not sure exists .
 85- Percentage of Indonesians who had an unfavourable image of the United States in 2003 .
 50 - Percentage of Americans who approved of the way Bush was handling his job as president on 15 October 2003 .
 A pair of military pilots embarked on China's second manned space flight early today, hurtling into orbit on a test mission that could span five days .
 88 - Percentage of workers at Ground Zero who Now suffer from ear, nose, or throat problems .
 Yes,but be sure that your chickens are all hens(I mean not roosters),Roosters may attack rabbits or anything they see moving,so be aware of that,hens are friendly with almost all kinds of pets !
 Well, not much I can say except I'm very disappointed with this experience .
 15 - Average number of minutes Bush spent reviewing capital punishment cases while governor of Texas .
 The difference is what they need to live, VS what's ideal for them .
 At the Darunta complex where jihadis trained, recruits would wear green uniforms, except for Friday when they were washed .
 These wolf packs have flourished, and now there are an estimated 850 wolves roaming the northern Rockies, where merely 10 years ago there were none .
 Though ''decided'' is probably not the right word, since from the day they were born, these girls and boys were not taught to think for themselves but to blindly follow their leaders .
 The first phase, she said, will demonstrate the capability of a multi-compartment spacecraft that will leave a test module in orbit when the two fliers return to Earth .
 Well, sure enough, when I heard the cats "Meowing," I imagined the hellish moments these poor beautiful creatures of God were living, what went on in their tiny, sweet little minds, and decided that I want to do something about this torture .
 But that means nothing, since they weren't the sort of things guys like Bush told the "girls" .
 I use propane with a blower and a burner I built http://www.mikegigi.com/meltmetl.htm and http://www.mikegigi.com/firehole.ht m
 It is also important to act decisively against the campaign of lies and fabrications and to monitor those Western media who collaborate with it out of naivety, financial interests or ignorance .
 Abby has three wonderful young children, and friends who love her and need her .
 The best part is I got my whole bathroom remodeled for about the same price the other company's were quoting just to fix the shower tile and fixtures .
 Let's get them to support constructive solutions that will make a real difference .
 Please leave as a word document and make any changes and additions that you think necessary .
 When having your car worked on you have to trust the mechanic & this Midas is truly someone you can trust !
 This e-mail is sent by a law firm and contains information that may be privileged and confidential .
 FITNESS UNLIMITED is a second home to a lot of us gym members who work out daily .
 We played a new version of Uno called "African Uno" that was complex, fast and at times, physically challenging .
 On the other end of the sump, you would have a small return pump with a hose that puts the water back into your tank .
 Their chauvinisms got to the point that even they themselves hated each other .
 $46m - Amount the Bush administration has budgeted for port security in 2005 .
 Obviously they had a full beverage list including alcohol for adults who wanted it .
 A full internal balance sheet review will be completed within the Q1 audit timetable which incorporate s
 The connection, however, lies in an order issued last year by President Hu Jintao to seek secure oil supplies abroad - preferably ones which could not be stopped by America in case of conflict over Taiwan .
 Given the short notice, we will politely decline to participate at the hearing on Monday, but will let the good Senator know that, in general, we intend to engage actively in the process and plan to help California find a solution that works for everybody .
 An area that used to be bald as a billiard ball is now a sea of willow. "
 Workers who do these introductions look at the interaction objectively; and it's good to see they are able and willing to say no if they feel there would be a problem .
 We had a great time and visited a location where they made coconut candies, visited a local restaurant which was attached to a fish farm, rode in modified quad bikes and had some tropical food at what appeared to be a local hangout .
 Here's everything that flows from 5/1/01 forward .
 This means that I could be away from the office for several days and miss a message entirely, because it would have expired and disappeared by the time I returned .
 It turns out one of the surest barometers of the warming climate is the response of the non-human natural world to changing conditions, and biologists who study the responses have been aware for some years the biosphere is acknowledging global warming .
 I took the receipt and the metal that did not fit and asked Pomper for my money back .
 Which, I might add is the same foot that keeps crumbling with the nails .
 In addition, the clothing is of much better quality than the clothing from hot topic, which is made as cheaply as possible by people living in horrible conditions in Asia .
 I have a copy of the document I can give to you tomorrow .
 I am currently working on guidelines for Argentina which will address both physical and financial trading .
 Explore which cruise may fit your needs the best .
 "They are targetting ambulances", "American snipers are shooting children and pregnant women", and "They are using cluster bombs against civilians" is all you get to hear from him .
 I bet you also did take charcoal as it is used for barbecue which does not get as hot as real coal (e.g. for blacksmithing one needs coal, not barbecue charcoal) .
 90 - Percentage of Americans who approved of the way Bush was handling his job as president on 26 September 2001 .
 Just recently discovered them last time I was down there, they're very nice) www.kaffeeeis.co.n z
 I know that we address audit rights in the LLC agreement so this may not matter anyway if this is a right they already have .
 Realists, and this even includes members of the U.S. Democratic foreign policy establishment such as Strobe Talbott, who have long sought to divest India of its defensive capability against another nuclear power in Asia, understand the only feasible solution for Kashmir is the acceptance of the status quo .
 If you know someone who might fit the bill ask them to contact me and/or send me their resume .
 Also, Beardies often do not eat food that is not moving, so its anyone's guess whether or not he'll touch the freeze-dried crickets or the processed food .
 Will be getting a copy of the blood results the owner has already ran as well .
 Most of the girls I was meeting had grown up in Mujahedeen schools in Ashraf, where they lived separated from their parents .
 This is the year you'll want to take stock of your career and ask yourself if you're doing the work you want to do for the rest of your life .
 James Bateman came the day I called and fixed the problem quickly and efficiently .
 The debate that a handful of Texas multi-millionnaires close to the Bush family have cleverly manufactured over John Kerry's war record is absurd in every way .
 Hazim Al-Sha'lan, by the way, is the son of the late Sheikh of Al-Khaza'il in Diwaniya and has the potential to replace former information minister, M.S. Al-Sahaf, in his nonsensical media statements, which can be passed as jokes .
 Mrs. Arafat, who lives in Paris with her daughter, receives tens of thousands of dollars per month from the allegedly bankrupt Palestinian Authority, while a typical local ringleader of the Al-Aksa brigade, reporting to Arafat, receives only a cash payment of a couple of hundred dollars, for performing murders at the retail level .
 1) Highlighting that information will only be provided that is related to enovate and 2) that each designated representative should sign an appropriate confidentiality agreement .
 The conference call has been rescheduled for Friday, Sept. 17 at 9 am (Houston) which is 11 am (Sao Paulo) .
 The Pioneers was an organization started at the end of the 19th century which pushed and supported the ideal of temperance (abstaining from alcohol), in an attempt to deal with the massive issue of alcoholism that Ireland was gripped by .
 ‘’It was the first time that Bush totally focused on the Taliban threat rather than Al Qaeda with the Pakistanis,’’ says a Western diplomat .
 The last I knew after you and Brent drafted this starting point for fundamental operating standards was that this was being circulated (Shona took this to do after Brent's return to Houston) for comments to all business controllers .
 In the same way that no country has a law against cannibals eating its prime minister, because such an act is unthinkable, international law does not address killers shooting from hospitals, mosques and ambulances, while being protected by their Government or society .
 This is an awesome date spot that the area SERIOUSLY needs .
 You can't beat the price for what you get .
 you are best to either recover to the standard ROM, or find one that doesn't crash .
 I asked her if she had any relatives that would want to know of her whereabouts .
 Is there anyone else in EGM that could participate ?
 I just need to talk to an another american who has gone to the UK before so that I know what expect when arriving at the airport and with going through visa process and everything .
 I propose we have a conference call with Bob Fagan on Fri July 20 at 1:00 pm Calgary time to discuss any areas of concern/confusion you may have .
 China wanted an overland route through its own territory, which would give it ultimate control if hostilities broke out .
 ...but basically, what I do is the same thing I did with my puppy...lots of patience, lots of time, lots of praise, lots of treats, and lots of repition....Right ?
 If you are looking for towing services that can offer you a good towed car service, then Auto Towing is the company for you .
 The 1.25 million people who have been housed in stadiums and convention centers across Texas will begin to populate Houston, Dallas, San Antonio and Galveston, and the surrounding areas .
 Apart from the 1,200 Indian lives lost in 1987, the Indian peacekeeping force was immensely unpopular not only in Tamil Nadu and the Jaffna peninsula but also among the Sinhalese majority who considered it a violation of their country's sovereignty .
 In the very interview in which they admitted 9/11, and described the codes used for the four targets for the planes, the masterminds admitted to the Jenny code, the code for representing the date 9/11, and used the symbolism of the "Green Birds. "
 Cj and company did all that we ask and 10 times more .
 As the epithet of the government of Satan on that nation, the center of London, the so well-known Piccadilly Circus, takes it's name from an old brothel (the "Piccadilla House" which means "The House of Sin"), disappeared nowadays .
 We are very concerned with providing services that are relevant to that environment .
 30 - Percentage of American young adults who cannot find the Pacific Ocean on a map .
 They asked us things that we would have never have thought of, and took extra time to meet with us when we needed it before the wedding .
 I was then moved to another room around the back where the room was dirty, the shower was dirty with other peoples hair in it, the toilet seat was peeling and rough and the bathroom was full of mould .
 50= Approximate number of policy changes and regulation rollbacks injurious to the environment that have been announced by the Bush administration on Fridays after 5pm, a time that makes it all but impossible for news organisations to relay the information to the widest possible audience .
 2.4m - Number of Americans who lost their health insurance during Bush's first year in office .
 If you want perfectly executed simple dishes that feature a few exquisite ingredients, you'll love Vetri .
 At the same time I do know people who have had horses come back successfully after EPM .
 Daniels is not set up for prepayments as they bill off an invoice and the main office and accounting had to create an invoice for a chromatograph that had not been delivered .
 My vet even said it was not my fault it was the vet that did the surgery, So I would not recommend getting that program unless you have an extra hundred dollars or so for antibiotics and a vet visit .
 Bands, food, and prizes are sponsored by Beyond Control, who will be competing in the Band of the Year Contest at the River Front Festival in Cuyahoga Falls on July 1 .
 Please disregard and destroy the form you received on July 2, as well as any blank forms retrieved from the PEP system prior to that date .
 "We don't know why he did what he did, but we are eager to find out," Dunn said .
 I passed along to Liz Austin your request regarding pleadings A&K has filed setting forth the Trustee's position in connection with the enforcement/nonenforcement of the power contracts and what remedies the Trustee is seeking .
 Do you also have a SSD we can use ?
 75 - Percentage of American young adults who don't know the population of the United States .
 And this has already drawn protests from the Tamil National Alliance (TNA) which was backed by the LTTE in the April general elections held in Sri Lanka .
 i had to call back up there two hours later and the lady (who claimed to be a manager) said my food was on the way, and she didnt offer to compensate me in any kind of way .
 We arrived Sunday at about 230 and found a do we really liked .
 This year a newspaper claimed two UK firms were involved in a deal in which thousands of guns for Iraqi forces were re-routed to al-Qaeda .
 I was playing a video game that has a m16 Vietnam model, and in the game it's 3-shot burst .
 I've had a lot of cats who refused to eat the canned food .
 It is next to Gare du Nord and a five minute walk to Sacre Coeur which is excellent for shopping .
 Archibald says Mr. Bush would come into the office and, in a friendly way, offer up stories about the drinking he'd done the night before, kind of as a conversation starter .
 He allegedly was at one or more meetings in the Summer of 2001 in Pakistan at which KSM and Sufaat were present .
 80 - Percentage of the Iraqi workforce who are unemployed a Year after the war .
 When I was Younger In my early 20s My farrier was A hottie named Joby..( for those who don't Know I AM A GIRL read my Bio on my Page) dumb as a post about everything But horses. .
 I would encourage anyone who is thinking of back surgery, to talk about different treatment options first with Dr. de Barros .
 The Ten Degree Channel divides the Andamans, which are the larger and more heavily populated northern islands, from the 20 or so Nicobar Islands in the south .
 After the way she spoke to me on my last visit, I will not be returning! !
 We have not received access to this information which has resulted so far in additional electric cost of $200,987.33 for the period of July through September .
 So we didn't expect them to even know some of the requests that we asked that night .
 76 - Percentage of 215 cities surveyed by the US Conference of Mayors in early 2004 that had yet to receive a dime in federal homeland security assistance for their first-response units .
 I have a 9 month old German Shepherd that I raised from a puppy .
 2. Short of chartering your own ship and crew, I don't see any way you could customize your own itinerary .
 79 - Percentage of the 11 September hijackers who came from Saudi Arabia .
 I have recently been made aware of a help desk analyst job#0000108806 that has become available in your department .
 When most of the food or drinks I got only included two !
 Cell phones do NOT work on board but they give you a 'walkie-talkie' kind of phone in your room that WILL work onboard .
 10 - Number of days that the Pentagon spent investigating a soldier who had called the President "a joke" in a letter to the editor of a Newspaper .
 Got the crab rangoon which was great, tofu with cabbage which was spicy but good and shrimp satay which was also good .
 HR has already purchased a tool called CONFIRMIT that can execute anonymous surveys .
 I am having a meeting with Vicki and Janet Dietrich on Thursday to discuss our view on the ability to extend our current contracts in CA (for customers already on DA) .
 $0 - Amount Bush allocated for port security in 2003 .
 actually -for volumes flowing out of bondad-which is deal number 763736 price is bondad gda;for blanco-deal number 759933-price is nonbondad gd a
 In this day its rare to find such wonderful people who CARE , Not the kind of want to make cash .
 Any credit concerns can be discussed with Dennis Goldmann, who can be reached at 315-460-3349 .
 So, to answer your question, no, if you just have a bulb that says it produces UVA then you do not have "the sun's rays" that your bearded needs .
 The only difference we had was for package V02 .
 I'm planning on dragging him to at least one of the U.T. games, I just have to find out when he wants to go (as well as properly prepare him for the Scott/Kelley/Parks/Wild Card gang and the full-day affair that is a U.T. game) .
 I'm very proud of what we've done .
 They explained that elk in Yellowstone used to browse unmolested on young aspen and willow growing near the banks of streams, a behavior that prevented the saplings from reaching mature stages and increased the possibility of soil erosion .
 Are there any good venues that showcase underground bands, or just a venue at all ?
 Here is a thought: When the appartently cognitively functional take actions that seem senseless and incompetent, it is a most certain sign that they have ulterior or hidden motives .
 You can see different treatments that a surgeon can't see, so that you can have several treatment options before you decide what to do .
 One compelling argument for reintroduction was the wolf acts as a keystone predator, an animal that affects the populations, behavior and ecology of a wide variety of species within its range .
 This mentally ill humanity, destroyed families, twisted moral values, manifest or repressed homosexuality in human beings, anti natural feminism rebellion, drug addiction, corrupt social outlines, mad youths without direction, non respect to hierarchies, convulsed nations, misanthropy, misogyny, paedophilia, irrational and feeble lasciviousness and all other type of existent aberrations, are due to the vast manoeuvre that Satan executed through his main marionettes the Beatles and the Rolling Stones, from the Devil's Island .
 In fact, the attorney who helped draft the emergency request, Charles Robinson, was in a meeting with representatives of the governor and ISO board members just hours before the filing was made .
 It is reasonable to credit his statement that he got the lesion after bumping into a suitcase he was carrying at a camp in Afghanistan .
 It has an ideology which claims supremacy over Western culture .
 To my surprise $20 deposit.... New movies not on shelf..under the counter for Telugu Speaking people only... or people who spend $30 or more groceries. .
 It has been 3 weeks and I STILL don't have my table (which was NOT cheap, I might add) .
 $59,339 - Amount the Bush campaign reimbursed Enron for 14 trips on its corporate jet during the 2000 campaign .
 $23.8b - Amount the United States spent on international aid and diplomacy in 2002 .
 I guess the questions on which I should like your steer are: (a) Do you have a particular sensitivity about the reference to bad faith proceedings made by United India ?
 We don't need another incident as exploring the cosmos is something that keeps our imagination going as a species .
 She also seems to hate it whenever I ask her out on a date, to the point she said stop !
 She told me she could not use the piece I was returning and the company would only put it in the trash so I could not return it .
 The interim government has promised security measures that would reduce the violence on the day of elections, but I fail to see how they will be able to protect all 5,000 (or so) balloting centres .
 They went the extra mile to repair my cowboy boots-- they had to have a special kind of paper that looked like wood grain to fix the heels .
 69 - Percentage of Americans who believed the White House's claims in September 2003 that Saddam Hussein was personally involved in the 11 September attacks .
 He should have taken a cue from another bomber some pesky dark-skinned foreigners want extradited, CIA operative Michael Meiring .
 The events of the last few years have amplified four issues, which have always existed, but have never been as rampant as in the present upheaval in the region .
 The one country that has shown that it understands the realities in South Asia is China .
 According to senior counter terrorism officials, both here and abroad, among the supporters of these militant islamists were people who blended into society and were available to act when another part of the network requested it .
 Not owners that seem like they have something to hide and know nothing about common courtesy and customer service .
 the first night i brought her home i did the sniffing under the door thing and left it at that .
 The owner is the one who is unable .
 Take a photo of a very light plain subject close to the lens using long exposure and smallest aperture you have - over expose by a couple of stop s
 It came from the nation whose king Enrique VIII adulterated the Bible so that divorce could be allowed and in this way be able to give loose rein to the many divorces from his wives and subsequent murdering of the same ones and to whom God provided a wife with six fingers as abomination (Anne Boleyn)...once again 6, number of the Beast... .
 This would be on a walk-in basis as we want to have the freedom of finding a place that looks good (Not relying on pictures from the internet) and is in a spot we like .
 Also, if you think of anything else I can do to strengthen my overall application file for next year, please let me know .
 I lived in one that did not face the parking lot .
 Days away: Sept. 21 through Oct. 3 (assuming you work on the day we leave and go back to work the day after we return )
 I will also be having my other vet up who's a chiro & acupuncturist to evaluate him for wobblers .
 $6.1m - Amount the EPA historically valued each human life when conducting economic analyses of proposed regulations .
 Worse for Israel, the assassination drew a denunciation even from the moderate and cautious Grand Ayatollah Ali Sistani, who wields enormous moral authority over Iraqi Shiites .
 Attached is a rough draft of my talking points for a panel I'll be on at a CEM conference in SF on Thursday afternoon .
 The signoff for additional permanent 'Enron' headcount who will 'duplicate' certain key position control processes ultimately replacing some existing Traffic staf f
 Information pointing in this direction came to light after the December 26 tsunami, which took a heavy toll on the Andamans .
 The meeting was pushed together by the CIA and the US Defence Department who were desperately anxious to secure a peaceful election in Afghanistan and the non-interference of alleged Pakistani backed Taliban .
 I've had a few great shots ruined myself because there was something in the background I didn't notice at first .
 After looking at the menu and seeing the new menu items they had, we knew we were in for a treat !
 So I question whether or not you want to publish info about fundamental standards that we can not yet report against .
 I recommend this company to ANYONE and everyone that needs great work done at a reasonable rate !
 We save $21,000 in real money this way, the cash refund Sun is giving Enron for our other server, using a box that wasn't being used by anyone .
 "All you have to do is look at the photographs," Ed Bangs, wolf recovery coordinator for the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, told UPI's Blue Planet ,
 Over nine dozen temples that had served the Hindu population have been destroyed, with some used as building material and others as urinals .
 Azzaman newspaper mentioned an announcement signed by Abdul Aziz bin Muqrin, an Al-Qaeda operative in Saudi Arabia on an Islamic website 'the voice of Jihad', in which he stated that "although mutilating dead bodies is not originally permitted in Islam, but in this case it is allowed if Muslims use it against infidels to deter them from committing criminal actions" .
 I was planning to be on vacation anyway, but I may have some accessibility challenges in Ft. Worth which I would not have had otherwise .
 After discussions with the commercial group I propose that that redlined language be added to the attached Dynegy agreement and to the 4 other negotiated rate agreements we've done .
 Despite the best efforts of IT, continuing problems with the AS400 application, a better understanding of the inconsistency between stock reconciliation reports, and concerns over the useability of the outright stock screen enquiry are such that I am currently not confident of delivering sufficient accurate information to AA to satisfy their audit requirements - which at a macro level is the transparent audit trail between stock and forward positions to full accounting values .
 2 - Number of Nations that George Bush has attacked and taken over since coming into office .
 33 - Percentage of the $15bn Bush pledged to fight Aids in Africa that must go to abstinence-only programmes .
 If this is the best that Tucson has to offer, I am outta here.. .
 There are rumours about preparations by slum dwellers for another looting spree against banks, governmental and public property similar to the one that took place last April, and I have already overheard youngsters in my neighbourhood joking about it and saying things like "This time we will be the first to loot, we didn't get anything the last time" .
 The unit of measure against which the price is quoted shall be net tons (2000 lbs) and the quantity shown shall be in net tons per month .
 Antichrist John Lennon wanted to compete with Jesus Christ, and so he grew a beard and started to make a bogus role of Christ together with Yoko Ono at the Amsterdam Hilton hotel proclaiming "Peace", being then when he was visited by the Canadian journalist who ridiculized and admonished him wanting to know about what Lennon meant when he wrote in the lyrics of "The ballad of John and Yoko": "the way things are going, they're going to crucify me...", The CURSE OF GOD upon John Lennon carried on with all type of miseries and distresses which made Lennon give the interview to the "Rolling Stone" magazine (today condensed in the "Lennon remembers" book) where he speaks about how bad thing were going for him blaming "whatever is up there" for it (referring to God) .
 When the apparently cognitively functional take actions that seem senseless and incompetent, it is a most certain sign that they have ulterior or hidden motives .
 Even though they still charge you the days you booked but won't use, it is worth the get the hell out of this crap hole .
 We now present the kaoshikii dance, which is excellent before and after yoga postures .
 I think they may even be better than the pair I have been using this past year !
 For those who believe................... .
 I would like to thank all of the parties who participated in this settlement process. ?
 First and Last time we'll eat ther e
 I have a dwarf hamster who HATES his wheel and doesn't use it  -
 The ones that I made changes to are in red .
 I think he did it on purpose because of my simple request for another slice of grandma that wasn't so well-done (actually, burnt) .
 But if experience is any guide, nothing would stand in the way of Dr. Ayman Zawahiri's decade-long quest to weaponize and use anthrax against US targets that was described by one confidante to an Egyptian newspaper reporter .
 $113m - Amount of total hard money the Bush-Cheney 2000 campaign received, a record .
 Even a cotton cloth (I like diapers) that is barely damp w water will work fine .
 I've read the book- it's a first person memoir with the ring of truth, especially since so much of the wider context has confirmed the allegations of Contra drug connections that led to Terrell becoming a target for discrediting by the TWIG counterintelligence group that ran interference for the Contra effort, staffed by covert ops types including Ollie North, Robert Owen, Vince Cannistaro and Buck Revell .
 OSU forestry professors William Ripple and Robert Beschta have found that wolves actually promote stream-bank stabilization, although they have given the phenomenon the unfortunate name of "the ecology of fear" -- something that smacks of the horrible PR resulting from the wolf's relationships with Riding Hood and the Three Pigs .
 Are whole offices (eg Tokyo) unreachable or is it only those who have home offices ?
 Given the above, if you have adequate protection for the word ENRON (which covers the services that you offer on-line as well as your core activities), I'd say that another application for the words ENRON ONLINE is probably unnecessary .
 $300m - Amount cut from the federal programme that provides subsidies to poor families so they can heat their homes .
 The enhanced US presence in western Afghanistan was only made possible after the ousting of Ismail Khan, the warlord and Governor of Herat province last month, who was a close ally of Iranian hardliners .
 in my opinon this place should be shut down by the health inspector, and anyone who is satisfied with there service and food has never eaten at a real asian restaurant .
 It is estimated to have some 5,000 armed fighters, and they have pursued attacks against Israeli forces to compel them to withdraw from the Shebaa Farms, a sliver of Syrian territory that Israel annexed after the 1967 war .
 50m- Number of voters in total who voted for Bush in 2000 .
 That is what is about to happen with Judge Samuel Alito, in my opinion, because he has one tragic flaw - a very serious blind spot in his thinking - which makes him completely unacceptable for the position of Supreme Court Justice: He does not really agree with the system of "Checks and Balances" built into the Constitution, and he is ready to start tearing it down in order to follow the "Unitary Executive Theory," which calls for vastly-increased Presidential Power at the expense of Congress and the Supreme Court .
 And the President becomes a Dictator, unrestrained by anything in the Constitution, backed up by the Armed Forces, which would be entirely under his personal control .
 What I have to add is that it is normal in France to have mixed gender groups of friends, there's nothing unusual in boys and girls being only friends, which is obviously what this girl wants from you .
 Yet, this is no comparison to the advancements you'll make overall, and by the end of 2005, you'll look back in sheer wonder and happiness .
 I don't believe that we are quite at the point that we can say that all business controllers worldwide have reviewed, understand and have implemented these standards .
 The fact that bad apprentice musicians such as the Beatles and the Rolling Stones achieved such a giant fame that not even the real quality musicians could achieve, was because the forces of Satan were behind everything, supporting the process .
 I spoke to Bob Bruce this morning - we're all set on the language in the Schedule to the ISDA, and there is a minor credit/billing issue in Paragraph 13 related to the timing of transfer of interest on collateral that Val will discuss with Ed as well .
 Again, I think the problem is people who sink to far into their own egos, and begin to take their personal metaphors a bit too literaly .
 George Harrison said in a video that "Oasis is a very untalented band and they shouldn't be playing at all", all of it being the truth, but the Beatles is also a band of very poor musicians, if musicians at all, who could only play a couple of elementary guitar chords and who are as untalented as Oasis .
 The salatim salads are the smallest plates I've ever seen placed in front of me (you would most likely think they were condiments if it weren't explained to you) .
 95 - Percentage of foreign goods that arrive in the United States by sea .
 I've read some of the reviews below and would like to state that yes, like any other doctors office there is sometimes a wait (depending on what other patients are being seen for) and some of the tests and procedures that are ran can be costly (just like they would be for any other medical tests elsewhere if you do not have insurance).. .
 In the next week or so, we'll be sending around a discussion paper which we hope crystallizes the issues, and we will try to talk to as many of you as possible before the meeting to go through it .
 Some 200,000 guns the US sent to Iraqi security forces may have been smuggled to terrorists, it was feared yesterday .
 The reason for this is that India is emerging as an alternative investment destination to China, hence the favor that the generals in Islamabad do to their trusty supplier of nukes and missiles by creating a scare about war involving India when in fact the real flashpoints are the Taiwan Straits and North Korea .
 I mean, I don't care if he doesn't know, but if he pretends to know and tells me BS to my face, there's no way I'm going to trust him when matters turn to the price of the car and financing .
 The Jewish marriage living to the right of George's house said that he is an arrogant person who does never return a greeting .
 39 - Percentage of tax cuts that will go to the top 1 per cent of American families when fully phased in .
 3 = Number of 11 September hijackers whose entry visas came through special US-Saudi "Visa Express" programme .
 Very frustrating for a restaurant that has 1 rosette and is supposedly renowned for the service... hmm There was no canape's or amuse to keep us occupied, once we complained about the wait they took us something to nibble on but that took us getting out our chairs and wondering round to do that and it was impossible to get anyones attention .
 A week before, China's second biggest state oil firm had signed a $70 billion deal for oilfield and natural gas development with Iran, which already supplies 13 per cent of China's needs .
 I had another conversation some months ago with a retired Ba'athist old-timer who claimed that Ba'athists have the means to stage a third coup d'etat and return to power within 10 hours of an American withdrawal .
 One thing that doesn't show up in the attachment is the swap eligibility issue .
 On a certain evening, which had been prearranged, I sent my friend final instructions, for the man was forever on the alert and continually changed his room .
 Archibald, a middle-class Alabama boy--who, by the way, is now a registered Democrat--didn't like that story .
 14 - Percentage carbon dioxide emissions will increase over the next 10 years under Bush's own global-warming plan (an increase of 30 per cent above their 1990 levels) .
 All you have to do, and It Really works!! !
 88 - Percentage of American families who will save less than $100 on their 2006 federal taxes as a result of 2003 cut in capital gains and dividends taxes .
 I know you are very worried, but getting her to the vet is the best thing you can do for her .
 Every time I go, Kevin, the manager, will always remember my family and I .
 Evidently, this a problem that Stacey White has been aware of for a couple of months now .
 Both the engagement and wedding pictures that he took for us we absolutely amazing .
 We have had enthusiastic responses from companies such as AT&T, Duke Energy, Pitney Bowes and DaimlerChrysler, and I would be pleased to answer any questions you may have about this focal point for our educational efforts. ?
 He was referred to me by a friend, who didn't have the best experience with Ted, but said that Ted was able to make up for his lack of preparedness at the end .
 Comb Type: Silkies have walnut combs which is actually genetically two comb types (Rose and Pea) single is also there, but is recessive .
 The amazing thing is that all of these crooks demand protection under international law, and define all those who attack them as "war criminals," with some Western media repeating the allegations .
 I guess I'm extremely fortunate that I received a scholarship which paid about 800f my course fees through my degree .
 Bath was clean except shower stall which had mildew problems .
 Recently Charles Miller and David Dewhurst sent you an invitation to a reception which they are hosting on Wed. 6/14 at 5:00 PM to be held at the Houston Petroleum Club .
 (And, a piece of shrapnel in the forearm that caused only a minor wound would have killed had it hit an eye and gone into the brain; the shrapnel being in your body demonstrates you were in mortal danger and didn't absent yourself from it .
 i couldn't be more happier with the way my garage looks .
 And every entree we have ordered is perfect .
 I am making a christmas list for my parents and i was going to ask for a bird and these are the affordable ones that i like, and i was wondering : which would not bite alot, and which are more fun to have as pets AND I NEED TO KNOW WHICH WOULD BE QUIETEST i honestly dont care but my family does  !
 The central question behind the palace coup is whether Terry Winter, the president of the Independent System Operator, acted alone when he took steps to remove key price caps designed to limit the amount power generators could charge .
 I resisted asking any questions that would have required either of them to think .
 Not the same old stuff that all the other stores have .
 One minister reportedly handed out 100 dollar 'gifts' to journalists attending a press conference for Allawi, a practice that brings back bad memories to many Iraqis .
 Their BBQ chicken pizza is one of the better ones I have ever had .
 22 - Asbestos levels at Ground Zero were 22 times higher than the levels in Libby, Montana, where the W R Grace mine produced one of the worst Superfund disasters in US history .
 Since President Hu ordered state-owned oil firms to "go abroad" to ensure supply, they have begun drilling for gas in the East China Sea, just west of the line that Japan regards as its border .
 Please send us the list of the curves that you will need to revalue our international assets for the August Board meeting .
 Since then, I now use a professional horse hauling service with people who ride with my horse to keep an eye on him, stop every few hours for water, and their trailers all have super smooth suspension .
 There are to many people that need our business to have to put up with this unfair treatment!!!! !
 He had a robe that was made back in the '60s .
 Some people are willing to take your horse, but they really have old trailers that are not the safest in the world .
 It's nice for horses that need a little more than a snaffle .
 She stole the information and gave it to another guy that did all the work .
 4.7m - Number of bankruptcies that were declared during Bush's first three years in office .
 The most important question isn't whether Discovery is technically ready to fly with new safety features and emergency procedures, but whether the agency itself has learned from the crucial errors most common to Challenger and Columbia, errors that grew out of a management culture that discouraged criticism and sacrificed safety for image-puffing and budget-cutting .
 It has also become an arms depot of the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE), who operate almost freely in the Andaman Sea .
 This has to be some of the worst pizza I have ever had the misfortune of ordering .
 For those who care, a good proportion of the my class went on to 4-year colleges, many of them ranked in the top 50 of US News .
 Do you shoot an arch-murderer who deliberately moves from one location to another, always surrounded by children ?
 Coined by Bill Gates to represent the company that was devoted to MICROcomputer SOFTware .
 There are far too many lazy people out there who think that they can sit around a job will fall in their lap .
 Apart from the 1,200 Indian lives lost in 1987, the Indian peacekeeping force was immensely unpopular not only in Tamil Nadu and the Jaffna peninsula but also among the Sinhalese majority who considered it a violation of their country's sovereignty .
 The husband and wife who run this spot are lovely people .
 However, the money made from the mailing lists is secondary to income which is made from people like you and me asking to be included in that list .
 I signed up with one of the staff who was very pleasant and professional .
 Skin Color: Silkies have black skin color, which is dominate .
 U.S. industrialist Andrew Carnegie started a hero fund in 1904 after being inspired by rescue stories from a mine disaster that killed 181 people .
 In the airport, follow the signs that say "Paris by train" .
 I also have back problems that transfer into my legs .
 While Iran's conventional army is not what it was during the heyday of the Iran-Iraq war - their armaments have deteriorated and the veterans of that last war have retired - the nation enjoys substantial military strength nonetheless .
 I came back with the receipt Ahmed had provided upon my purchase, and the guy took forever to copy it but said that he would take care of the situation .
 But like i said nothing ever came of It.. the next time I saw him He had told Me he had To get married to a girl Who he worked with becuse he knocked Her Up. .
 I'm sure that you can find some hotels that are running in the christchurch area, but if not then there would be some in close by towns .
 My boyfriend and I were woken up in the middle of the night at our campsite by drunken kids who'd arrived around 1:00 am and were drinking at the springs .
 Will businesses that were new in 2005 have become a household name due to their efforts in rebuilding the gulf coast ?
 Especially high end keep sake sort of clothing that you just cant find in a lot of stores .
 Iran sponsors Syrian terrorism, it is certainly behind much of the action in Iraq, it is fully funding the Hezbollah and, through it, the Palestinian Hamas and Islamic Jihad; it performed acts of terror at least in Europe and in South America and probably also in Uzbekistan and Saudi Arabia and it truly leads a multi-national terror consortium, which includes, as minor players, Syria, Lebanon and certain Shiite elements in Iraq .
 "The ISO staff sat in a meeting with the governor's key energy advisers with poker faces, not saying a word about something that was going on at the exact same moment,'' Maviglio said .
 Also, would those of you who have not responded to me via email confirming your acceptance of the terms upon which our four companies have agreed to assume cost responsibility for the TCA work on this .
 I played dumb and asked him questions that I already knew the answers to and he responded with half truths and a few falsehoods .
 This little-noted interview with Blount's nephew Murph Archibald, which appeared on National Public Radio's "All Things Considered on March 30, 2004, gives a devastating insight into what it was like to have to suffer through Bush in that period .
 maybe buy him toys that he can play with that give him a way to use his energy u p
 Since wolf recovery, streamside plants, willows and cottonwoods provide food for other critters -- beavers, a whole variety of avian species, berry-producing shrubs that bears can use .
 The overwhelming majority of Muslims in Kashmir would be happy with such an outcome, except for the tiny jihadi segment patronized by the U.S. State Department and the Pakistan Army, which would like to even the score with India for their catastrophic defeat in Bangladesh in 1971 .
 34 - Percentage of Americans who believed in June 2003 that Saddam's "weapons of mass destruction" had been found .
 It's about time we got together .
 While most U.S. secretaries of state -- save perhaps Dean Rusk -- have gobbled up credit for outcomes that they had little to do with, few have been as brazen as Colin Powell .
 I asked if they could copy the piece I dropped off .
 $30,858 - Amount Bush himself saved in taxes in 2003 .
 Excellent service, Not only did they get the exact car I wanted win in 48 hours but the sales man also took me out to lunch .
 I've read the materials you sent and agree we need to address these allegations appropriately .
 Lopez's 1561 book "Libro de la invencion liberal y arte del Juego del Acedraz" became THE classic on Chess openings, including the one that bears his name .
 I would really love to hear what the French or those who had dated the French to say something about this .
 He did not give them the number of troops they requested .
 Used as a help for horses that are quite strong pullers while hacking, hunting and doing cross country .
 As I read the letter, I considered the vast contrast between mind and morality of whoever wrote it, vs. that of the mind of the man who once said "Bring it on! "
 The discovery of a number of 'bugs' within the AS400 Merchanting code, arising from the release of OBSF designed functionality, which compounded the operational burden of supporting the OBSF .
 By Friday December 1st, could you please tell me the percentages/amount of time you spent on East Coast Power during the months of October and November .
 $200m - Amount that the Bush-Cheney 2004 campaign expects to raise by November 2004 .
 The U.S. State Department and the misnamed think tanks that follow its lead have held numerous conferences on Kashmir and, in most of them, the solution that has emerged is a valley prized loose from Indian control and under its own version of Ibrahim Rugova .
 I grew up in a small town where you knew and trusted your mechanic and was really cynical about city auto repair shops since I moved here, but Phet has shown that there really are honest hard working mechanics around .
 I just called again and was told that workmanship, not wood, is guaranteed for a year- well in my opinion- the wood split due to a nail which is part of workmanship !
 30 - Length of time in months between Enron's collapse and Lay (whom the President called "Kenny Boy") still not being charged with a crime .
 It is always good to stick to a formal intense meditation practice like the one for beginners described in the MP3 file that follows after the visualisations .
 "Calculation of Floating Amount: The Floating Amount payable by [ENA] on a Payment Date will be calculated for that Payment Date as follows :
 I will never return there again (and now have some serious doubts about the quality of work they actually performed on my car) .
 My concept is that overtime I would like to own one of all the following artists and they are all depending when I find something that we really like .
 If sites next to you don't have what you want, contact your nearest comp.sources.unix archive, or the moderator .
 After asking me which tribe I belong to (thus assessing my sectarian background) he started hurling abuses at the Shia, calling them Persians, Majoos (fire worshippers), rabid dogs and a handful of other descriptions that I can't mention here .
 500 - Number of days Bush has spent all or part of his time away from the White House at his ranch in Crawford, Texas, his parents' retreat in Kennebunkport, Maine, or Camp David as of 1 April 2004 .
 This is the year you're going to be doing a lot of travel and learning about your world, as expansion is the theme .
 One is a special tool to detect damage to the thermal-protective tile while in orbit - something the Columbia crew would have welcomed .
 I can't say enough good things about Karla and the wonderful things she has done for me and my dog Gracee .
 On my panel, Loretta Lynch asked Reliant and Duke to supply her with the details of the contracts they cut to sell their power forward to marketers .
 That was the day that GOD'S CURSE fell upon the world of Rock .
 In Fall 2004, MSNBC, relying on an unnamed FBI spokesperson, reports that the FBI has narrowed the pool of labs known to have had Ames that was a match from 16 to 4 but cannot rule out that it was made overseas .
 In any case, Kalkat puts it succinctly: "There cannot be a military option to what is a political situation. "
 The media coverage has been seriously confused on the issue of motive and the reason Senators Daschle and Leahy would have been targeted -- tending to simplistically view them as "liberals. "
 You want to merge your mind with the greater universal Mind that surrounds you .
 That would require someone who had access to the strain .
 Reporting from the town where Susan Polk's trial is going on .
 Al Qaeda's regional operative, Hambali, who was at a key January 2000 meeting and supervised Sufaat, has been captured .
 The only thing I found edible were the potato wedges, I finally gave up, he kept trying - he found the fried wantons to be OK - His Mongolian bowl was awful .
 Huge amounts of money, which could have solved many social problems in this dysfunctional part of the world, are channeled into three concentric spheres supporting death and murder .
 "If China's economy falters, which, in my view, appears increasingly likely, then commodity prices will plummet, and with them, the value of the assets that produce them," Jason Kindopp, Eurasia's lead China analyst, said .
 He also ordered that the receiver not get a (I think chrome) coating that helped keep the gun from jamming .
 In the second room it took 3 tries to get all the towels and linens we requested .
 Amid worsening conditions, officials plan to evacuate a New Orleans stadium where up to 20,000 people took shelter .
 The real purpose of my call, however, is related to the services we will provide to support the aspirational statements of the Protocol .
 Is there anyone else we should tell ?
 2.3m - Number of Americans who lost their jobs during first three Years of the Bush administration .
 On August 9, 2004, it was announced that in the Spring of 2001, a man named El-Shukrijumah, also known as Jafar the Pilot, who was part of a "second wave," had been casing New York City helicopters .
 Meanwhile, Arthur Levitt has agreed to meet with us in September to brainstorm on the ideas we've generated and also to give us a sense of some of the issues as he sees them .
 What became known as the palace coup began on Oct. 26 when ISO board members voted for severe restrictions on the amount of money electricity producers could charge for power .
 Another thing you can try .
 Snacks: uninspired bread, tea backs, and individual coffee things for a machine that didn't exist .
 It has invested $3 billion in the African country's oil industry, which supplies it with seven per cent of its needs .
 The Worst Chinese I've Ever Ha d
 They happened in the Philippines which, like Pakistan, is an important and vulnerable node for the business which intelligence agencies and terrorist organizations conduct with each other .
 This particular chair is designed to help with back problems, which she has .
 The CSIS report cites numerous areas where Iran has funded modernization including the most troublesome aspect, anti-shipping cruise missiles: 'Iran has obtained new anti-ship missiles and missile patrol craft from China, midget submarines from North Korea, submarines from Russia, and modern mines.' "
 22- Percentage of Americans who believed in May 2003 that Saddam had used his WMDs on US forces .
 0 - Number of guardsmen from that period who came forward with information about Bush's guard service .
 I HAD TO ASK THE GIRL WHO BROUGHT MY FOOD AND SHE NEVER CAME BACK TO LET ME KNOW .
 Service was average, but nothing special, and restaurants that are supposed to be excellent should do a better job of training their waitstaff to be communicative and friendly, not merely capable .
 If anyone wants the complete article, email me, as it is a very good article which no meat-eater can read and not sense their own hypocrisy .
 they will move if they get too warm-it's not like a heat rock which you should avoid at all costs .
 The only notable difference I have noticed is that in the south of Ireland one night of the wake is often held in the chapel the night before the funeral, this tradition started after the civil war .
 28 - Number of vacation days Bush took in August 2001, the month he received a 6 August Presidential Daily Briefing headed "Osama bin Laden Determined to Strike US Targets. "
 I was saddened to see the reviews that claimed World Hats Mart has poor service .
 After going to the hospital and paying ER prices ... there is no way I won't be back here! !
 Each provincial government has a website that lists the process for that Province so depending upon where you were born you can google it .
 Parties, attached is the promised ruling that provides procedural guidance for the hearings on 12/27 and 12/28 .
 Can you accept that the road we are travelling points toward a grim and painful future ?
 I looked at the UEComm Master and had some comments--such as our name is wrong, the cross default threshold for us should be US $ and not AUD, and there were a few other questions I had .
 That little man who thinks he invented pizza can kiss my *ss .
 We'll do whatever you want want if you still are coming !
 Well it took us a while to find one that we liked .
 Besides being a murderer, John Lennon had sexual intercourse with homosexual Brian Epstein to get him interested in going to see the band at the Cavern, trauma from which he never recovered .
 I was in two weeks ago and had the worst pedicure that I have had in my life .
 I applied to get a student visa to study in Canada, I received one that is valid until October of 2015 .
 It presents the case for marriage equality and states, “We are resolved that the State should not interfere with same-gender couples who choose to marry and share fully and equally in the rights, responsibilities, and commitments of civil marriage. ”
 46 - Percentage of voters who describe themselves as born-again Christians .
 Someone who called himself Abu Hafs from the Ibn Al-Khattab Brigades (another new group) was on Al-Jazeera describing the enormous casualties among the Marines and he sweared that American soldiers were mutilating the bodies of dead insurgents .
 Unless you want to take the "tell the customer how wrong she is and try and force her into a dress she's obviously not loving" approach which will likely get you... uh... nowhere .
 I'm looking for the confidentiality agreement, which may be in Bart's files (haven't checked closely yet) .
 Overall they aren't very knowledge about the type of games are on the market .
 San Francisco was settled in the 19th and 20th century by mainly European immigrants except for some Asian workers who were manual laborers .
 I called and asked about the price for hair updo and the receptionist or owner who aswered the phone refused to tell me, or even just give me an approximate price range .
 They also have the best tea I ever had, not at all like the junk you get at the grocery stores, I stock up when ever there because they are closed in the winter .
 They have the best Egg Drop Soup I have ever tasted .
 They tracked down the only tire that fit my BMW330i in Murfreesboro within minutes and secured it, then they came out, took off my tire (it was a runflat - but runflats don't do you any good if they blow out), and brought it to their shop to change the tire .
 All you have to do to make it authentic Jamaican food, is add a whole lot of pepper .
 I just like the fact that he was able to do the specific type of repair I wanted (a reball) and give me the longest warranty and even a lower price .
 65 - Number of Bush administration public statements on National security and defense in the same period that mentioned weapons of mass destruction .
 How Would You Like To Know How YOU Can Live In A Beautiful NEW House That Is Custom-Designed To YOUR Specifications.........And At NO COST To You ?
 43 - Percentage of the entire world's military spending that the US spends on defence .
 All I say is, it works .
 I thought it would be a good idea to see how a few that I liked would look like on a model (by looking the dress up online) .
 He didn't have my number either because this was the first time I've called HIM instead of his dad .
 1. Here's a site that lists world cruises including prices .
 Ok, calm down, it's not like he's some stranger that came up and groped me lol .
 Guerrillas near Hawijah launched an attack that left 6 dead, including 4 Iraqi soldiers .
 The creation of an incentive payment pool ( possibly via personal best awards ) for key Metals staff who continue to work exceptionally unsociable hours to meet the above stated objective s
 You may regard my views as those of the proverbial taxi driver, which you are supposed to question, when you visit a country .
 The new TW Hotline was implemented Monday which included customer notification in the form of a Popup message in TMS and a Critical Notice which sent an Email .
 The person went to go check with the manager, who was sitting at a table chatting with her friends who were eating there .
 However US military officers say regular army officers - many of them Pashtun - leading units of the Frontier Corps who are on the border remain deeply sympathetic to the Taliban and the mullahs of the JUI .
 I didn't know that I didn't register him in the ridiculous amount of paperwork I had filled out in the hospital and was supposed to go to city hall within 90 days .
 When I finally found someone at the desk who could speak English, they moved our room, but we still did not receive the single queen we had "reserved "
 Any government that assumes power after the elections also realises this, so not even Sistani is going to call the US to withdraw its troops, despite what he is saying now, not until they are ensured the insurgency is out of the picture, or that they have an alternative foreign power (in this case Iran) to back them up .
 took a bit of searching to discover that POP is probably PoP - plaster of Paris and yes plaster of Paris will slow way down if it is not exposed to air - in fact, if you are building up plaster ("the way you would icing") to do sculpting, which is rather uncommon, you keep the set plaster damp in order to add more unset plaster or you have to wet the area where you will be adding plaster "mud "
 It was a black female that use to work in the office .
 I am looking for a position that can utilize my software development and mathematical skills .
 Like the tens of billions of dollars that have been "lost" in Iraq, planeloads of arms don't just "vanish"; not when the Pentagon contracts the work to an international criminal of Bout's untouchable stature .
 There's the market in Naha, which is great .
 "Further, I find it even more disturbing that he made these comments about a nation that just last year tested nuclear weapons -- shortly after voicing his public opposition to the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty .
 We did have one waiter that complained some on one of our trips on the Mariner .
 It is the easiest thing that I have ever done and I tell all my friends that they should do it too .
 Police said Bernard confessed to detectives that he had sex with a young girl in November 2002 and admitted to knowing about sexual acts involving children and a dog that occurred at Hosanna Church .
 Most people haven't gone to work the last few days, although it seems that the rest of Baghdad is 'normal' (if you can define what normal is) .
 On Monday I called and again it was a big to-do to find anyone who knew anything about it .
 Attached is the letter I originally sent to you on May 10 in this regard .
 I am vacation until the 22nd but Per is up to speed and I would like to make sure that you keep up with him and any HR / Legal activity that may occur .
 remember to give him the time he needs to feel that the room is his - rush it, and he will be afraid of the whole house for a long time .
 Bredders take the one that in not very interested and put it alone in a breeeding tank for 3-5 days .
 http://www.solutions.com/jump.jsp?itemID=1361&itemType=PRODUCT&path=1%2C3%2C477&iProductID=1361 If anything you use has a strong or lingering fragrance it can bother or potentially injure the bird .
 There should be a Pixel Mapping function in the menu that will get rid of them, most sensors have a few dead and flipped pixels, some only show up on long exposures .
 I also ordered the Neptune Platter which was awesome... so this place gets 5 out of 5 stars .
 79 - Number of Bush's initial 189 appointees who also served in his father's administration .
 14 - Number of Immigration and Naturalisation Service (INS) agents assigned to track down 1,200 known illegal immigrants in the United States from countries where al-Qa'ida is active .
 The Palestinians who have been willing to kill themselves to end the Israeli occupation of the Gaza Strip and the West Bank were not driven by economic considerations .
 Anything you could do to help further my goals would be appreciated .
 I FUCKING HATE THIS PLACE EVERY TIME i GO THIS HOT CHICK SHOWS UP AND i MEAN REALLY HOT BUT SHE IS LIKE REAAAALLY DUMB AND THEN THEIR IS THIS OTHER CHICK THAT IS REALY UGLY BUT SHE IS LIKE SUPER SMART SHE COULD BE A SCIENTIST, BUT THEN THEIR IS THIS STONER WHO ALWAYS COMES HERE HIGH AND HE ALWAYS BRINGS HIS FUCKING DOG WHO IS SO HIGH FROM THE SECOND HAND SMOKE I THINK HE IS TRYING TO TALK .
 I have finally found a mechanic I trust! !
 If you think that May 1 may be difficult due to receiving the parts/materials on a timely basis because of the issues that vendors may have with us because of recent Enron events, please let me know .
 This is an event you don't want to miss! !
 Full reconciliation of contracts within the OBSF to Barclays documentation ( thereby substantiating existence of stock that we have option to purchase ) and to AS400 Barclays accoun t
 To Paul McCartney whose company's logo was a person toying with the planets as if he was a god, and who was being very much deluded in his ego trip by the fact that he was made "Sir" (when in England even the road sweeper is made Sir, as long as he produces money for the nation), GOD provided cancer to the wife .
 He was incredibly informative about the options I had, giving me opinions on different treatments to choose from .
 Finally, we find the third circle of so-called religious, educational and welfare organizations, which actually do some good, feed the hungry and provide some schooling, but brainwash a new generation with hatred, lies and ignorance .
 The occupation of Iraq has become a guerrilla war, a siege that has lasted more than a thousand days .
 Yo mama`s so fat, all the restaurants in town have signs that say: "Maximum Occupancy: 240 Patrons OR Yo Mama" Yo mama`s so fat, when she ran away, they had to use all four sides of the milk carton .
 Then, when we moved out, we cleaned the apartment top to bottom, they came back and tried to charge us for two cleaning fees (and we never got our deposit back) and past utilities (that were already paid, we have check numbers and records of this) .
 According to Director of Central Intelligence George Tenet, al Qaeda’s ability to conduct an anthrax attack is one of the most immediate threats the United States is likely to face. "
 Accordingly, the only issue left for arbitration is whether our IP (the only one and therefore the one they have to choose) is or is not an economic hardship under the contract .
 That band is involved in a local competition which promises a $5000 first prize, which they would like to win in order to donate it to the benefit fund which they have started .
 the primary reason we need these things is for the scenario where a muni does a derivative deal with an open-ended downside, loses $50 million, and then claims that it was not a valid contract .
 Can we find another time that works for us to meet ?
 54 - Percentage of Americans who approved of the way Bush was handling his job as president on 30 September, 2003 .
 68 - Number of days after taking office that Bush decided Not to ratify the Kyoto Protocol, the international treaty to reduce greenhouse gases by roughly 5.2 per cent below 1990 levels by 2012 .
 Additional cost will be incurred for the remainder of this year, that I have not been able to review yet .
 In addition, we will need the groups that have current needs to commit to taking one or more of these Analysts should they be extended an offer .
 So, I waited a week to call because I was busy and I wanted to have him come out on a day when I am more available in case we were to hang out after ; )
 An altar cloth was draped over her half-naked body, which was posed as if she had been sexually assaulted .
 It is a daily occurrence that the same people who finance, arm and dispatch suicide murderers, condemn the act in English in front of western TV cameras, talking to a world audience, which even partly believes them .
 13 - Number of vacation days the average American receives each Year .
 I gave the woman I spoke with today a "You've been yelped!" card to let her know that Yelp may be a good tool for helping spreading the word about Papeluna .
 I can't believe there are no serious metal fans who frequent RI .
 (From time PA approved and funded to in-service will be 75 days at most .
 I was planning to be on vacation anyway, but I may have some accessibility challenges in Ft. Worth which I would not have had otherwise .
 I believe that there might be a sign-flipping problem for PUTS that 's causing this whole issue .
 It was formed to allow many different guilds who were all strictly honorable to come together as a family and allow them many people to game with .
 They needed someone that could convince the jury they had been able to see all relevant documents in CIA files on Wilson .
 It is interesting to note that this company was made bankrupt by the British cinema industry due to the despotism and pedantry of George Harrison, who believed that the cinema industry would have worshiped him .
 After our meal, our server found us a table in the jazz club where we were informed it would be another $10/person to stay and listen to the band, despite the fact we had just finished a dinner there and were intending to enjoy their drink list .
 Pew researchers looked at about 40 studies that could provide an assessment of whether climate was affecting biology .
 There was lax control over the distribution of the Ames strain that was used, especially in light of the fact that transfers were not even required to be recorded prior to 1997 .
 Winter, who in his position as president and chief operating officer of the ISO, submitted a 50-page emergency request, asking federal officials to abolish the $250 price cap .
 When was the last time you heard about a ship sinking ?
 Musk, which is scraped from their genitals once a day for as long as they can surv ive, makes the scent of perfume last a bit longer after each application .
 This was the body that Bush proclaimed was bringing "stability" to the region in fall of 1999 .
 Let us know and we can add it, and make any other changes you'd like to make at this end .
 Ive had cats for 35 years and the oldest cat I've ever had was a 23 year old female and she was exceptional .
 In quick summary, Beyond Control, a local band in our area, is sponoring a benefit for a cancer victim whose benefits have run out .
 Their prices are extremely reasonable for the amount of food you receive .
 In Agra I've stayed in a place fellow travellers recommended, they found it in the Rough Guide .
 Paul McCartney said recently that he believes in using magic, and he does lots of charity, thinking that in this way he will compensate for the CURSE OF GOD that is upon him and that took his wife's life because of his Satanism and involvement in black magic .
 There is already a little dog house that I would turn into a little rabbit hutch being kept back there and I was thinking about keeping the rabbit in the run with the chickens, but keeping the chickens in the coop and the rabbit in the hutch at night .
 Now back to what's really important...you .
 750,000 - Tons of toxic waste the US military, the world's biggest polluter, generates around the world each year .
 If the animals are treated in the same way the customers are treated then this leaves a lot to be desired !
 From the moment you enter the restaurant, you know you are some place special .
 A formal invitation will follow to those who respond .
 I would reccomend anyone to go see Jana Kueck and Robin Talley to see all the many procedures they have to offer .
 By return email, please verify that you received this message and let us know if there is another email address that you prefer us to use .
 53 - Percentage of Canadian young adults who don't know the population of the United States .
 after finding the car i wanted they took the time to go over each step and making it as painless as possible .
 I didn't end up buying my car here, but I did think the guy who worked with me was pretty cool - he was willing to budge a little on the price which means a lot to me .
 Requests like that weren’t unusual, says retired Col. William Campenni, who flew with Bush in 1970 and 1971 .
 Although this email and any attachments are believed to be free of any virus or other defect that might affect any computer system into which it is received and opened, it is the responsibility of the recipient to ensure that it is virus free and no responsibility is accepted by Century Development or any of its affiliates for any loss or damage arising in any way from its use .
 Also, please let me know, by email, the names and contact information of other managers within Enron who might benefit from having someone with my qualifications in their group .
 There is an old saying that applies in this situation: "Act in haste, repent at leisure. "
 International law does not know how to handle someone who sends children to throw stones, stands behind them and shoots with immunity and cannot be arrested because he is sheltered by a Government .
 Obviously the foreign offices have issues that may not apply in the US (although LA. is about as close as you can get to a third world country) .
 Your application is still evaluated on a number of criteria, not all of them as "cast in steel" as the points .
 A state Senate committee is set today to start serving 16 subpoenas on electricity producers and officials who manage California's energy grid to determine whether they acted in concert to manipulate energy prices .
 53 - Number of days after taking office that Bush reneged on his campaign promise to regulate carbon dioxide emissions from power plants .
 1 - Number of Bush administration public statements on National security issued between 20 January 2001 and 10 September 2001 that mentioned al-Qa'ida .
 You will notice that Questar has requested a "Payment Plan" that details when they will pay Transwestern for the interconnect due to the recent Enron events .
 The server we had was knowledgeable but he was not as proper as he should have been, acting like he was talking to his friends rather than his customers .
 I am so glad that I called in to see Ana, she is a lovely girl who showed nothing but care and compassion towards me .
 STEP TWO:Now take the #1 name off the list that you see above, move the other names up (six becomes 5, 5 becomes 4, and etc.) and add YOUR NAME as number 6 on the list .
 Whether you are looking for a part-time income to help pay off your debts or you are looking for the freedom offered by working from home on a full time basis, Agel is the vehicle that can make that happen .
 She highly recommended him and described him as the "Saintly Instructor and Simply the Best Instructor there is ....very calm, pleasant and very detailed in giving instructions" .
 The bronze medal is given to people who "risk their lives to an extraordinary degree while saving or attempting to save the lives of others. "
 Both were excellent sales men who put my needs first .
 83 - Number of times Bush mentioned Saddam, Iraq, or regime (as in change) in his three State of the Union addresses .
 The public information mostly relates to those suspected sleepers who have been detained or who are at large and are being sought .
 When you get the tank make sure you wash the inside (with plain water) then you wash the gravel (with only water too) take out all the stuff that is floating on top .
 Grimy work you guys do .
 (do not take away the food dish from the birds, they will associate you as the person who takes away their food)... .
 The duck was a 65% glob of chewy fat with no resemblance to the juicy, crispy delicacy it usually represents at other establishments .
 This formidable enemy, which gave the Indian army a black eye in the mid-1980s, has been operating in northeastern India and in the Andaman Sea for a long time .
 Do you storm a church taken over by terrorists who took the priests hostages ?
 The phones and networks are compatible, so the only reason it wouldn't work would be if you have, say, a cheap cell phone company. .
 Do we have someone who is watching this out there ?
 In the winter, they will usually go deep underground and enter a hibernation-like state called brumation, which is characterized by a slowed metabolism and reduced activity .
 These are 1) Assassinate or overthrow Gen. Pervez Musharraf, the Pakistani military "president" who had made a coup in 1999 and has thrown in his lot with the United States against the Taliban and al-Qaeda .
 The two lay their eggs inside the cave you made for them .
 I'm not sure if any of you know much about civet cats, but to brief those who might not know, I will quote James Rachels, author of World Hunger and Moral Obligation among many other animal rights-related books and articles .
 The more radical Shiites, who generally follow the theocratic notions of Iran's Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini, routinely chant and demonstrate against Israel .
 But Samuel Alito believes in a little-known Constitutional theory - called the "Unitary Executive Theory" - which says that the President should have complete control over the Executive Branch, and that the Executive Branch should be in charge of almost everything that the Government actually does, including the functions of the Independent Agencies which were designed to be free of Presidential control, and the Military, which exists, which is regulated, and which is funded by specific authority given by the Constitution to Congress, not to the President .
 Or will the nearly year-round snow be too much for those who have never experienced snow in their lives ?
 The other Canadian recipient of the medal was Ronald Joseph Crawford, 42, of Hamilton, who was killed Aug. 4, 2002, while trying to defend a Hamilton sandwich shop owner from a robber wielding a knife .
 Anything you could do to help further my goals would be appreciated .
 The one department of life that may not quite be as hopeful as you'd like could be your career, where advancement may be slow and satisfaction rare .
 In Calcutta there is a Foreigner's reservation office where they speak English very well .
 So can somebody please list ALL of the food that includes the game pieces, and the number of game pieces you get with THAT FOOD !
 Two bombs were also sent to Leavenworth, where a key WTC 1993 defendant was imprisoned, addressed to "Parole Officer. "
 scroll down and this website shows each thing you can buy ( :
 But I also see that as a fatal misconception, which is doing Sunnis harm, because I don't believe the US is going anywhere so soon .
 Both towns have airports that are served regularly from the larger cities such as Sao Paulo, Rio de Janeiro and Buenos Aires .
 While India is ready to enter into a "defense cooperation agreement" with Sri Lanka, it is wary of being drawn into any military involvement in the island nation's two decades-old civil war that has seen violent strife between ethnic Tamils and the Sinhalese majority - leaving over 60,000 dead on both sides .
 Secondly, he will still out price performers that you have in the same job group that are excellent and strong performers respectively eg. Paul Thomas, Jason Choate, Todd DeCook and Peter Makkai .
 31 - Number of Bush administration appointees who are alumni of the energy industry (includes four cabinet secretaries, the six most powerful White House officials, and more than 20 other high-level appointees) .
 Their Food was better then anything I had ever tasted .
 Find someone you trust that actually hears you and wants to do the job right .
 5 - Number of major US airports at the beginning of 2004 that the Transportation Security Administration admitted were Not fully screening baggage electronically .
 You take a boat across the river, then spend a day biking, eating at a local restaurant, buying souvenirs and doing other things that are geared towards tourists .
 While the Indian army has become rock-solid in the western front, and has developed the capability of withstanding any Pakistani adventure in that sector, it has become highly vulnerable in its eastern sector, where its enemy is not a national army but a multitude of secessionist, terrorist and drug-running militants operating between Southeast Asia and northeastern India through Bangladesh .
 Half of the 300 phenophases Leopold tracked showed a response consistent with warming .
 This document has been modified with the changes that were in the mark-up you faxed to Toni Donohue here a few hours ago .
 It's also got the website where the song has been uploaded .
 Lopez addressed the note which I had written, sealed it with his sleeve-link, and sent it by the hand of the servant, Jose .
 2000 - Year that Cheney said his policy as CEO of Halliburton oil services company was "we wouldn't do anything in Iraq" .
 In a Hadith the Messenger of Allah explains that the souls of the martyrs are in the hearts of green birds that fly wherever they please in the Paradise .
 Iran's coast facing the Persian Gulf is a looming wall of mountains that look down upon any naval forces arrayed in those waters .
 Please find enclosed EES's request for Volumes for PGE CityGate delvery effective 11/1/01 :
 I had an interesting conversation with a middle-aged taxi driver who used to live in Fallujah and is now at relatives in Amiriya, Baghdad .
 The urge to protect and gather them all in is almost overwhelming, and makes me more grateful for the blessings I have .
 They had a room with a $99 rate, which I booked .
 Instead they followed the skyrocketing price of natural gas - which is used to run power plants to generate electricity .
 Our concern is that we don't want any trading related defaults to ever trigger a default under a loan transaction which has a swap as a component .
 Figuratively speaking, this outer circle is the guardian, which makes sure that the people look and listen inwards to the inner circle of terror and incitement, rather than to the world outside .
 Those are just a few reasons why I love trail riding, competitive or not .
 The price is quoted in US Dollars per unit of volume, which will be the Contractual Currency .
 Paul Kaufman has asked me to set a conference call to review the FERC Meeting that was held Thursday, Nov. 9th .
 I recommend buying a single unlimited Europass and travelling anywhere in the EU your heart desires .
 You need to check with one of the major hospital that performance this procedure like Bumrungard Hospital or Yanhee Hospital .
 Worst Service I've Ever Experience d
 That India is not Yugoslavia and that the "foreigner-led" Indian National Congress can least afford to ignore Indian nationalism, has not struck the conferees, among whom have been several Indian "scholars" and "analysts" ready to say and endorse anything for the sake of a free trip to New York or Vienna .
 A recently released islamist who had been a close associate of Zawahiri said that Zawahiri spent a decade and had made 15 separate attempts to recruit the necessary expertise to weaponize anthrax in Russia and the Middle East .
 We are also a group who is looking for members for our own select guild called ULGG of GW...which is a part of the alliance with the same name .
 The wake also included the night sit were friends and family sit up through the night with the remains .
 I do know they have already announced a new wii though and I don't know what Sony has said about playstation but again, if you get an Xbox (which I personally think is the best anyways) you should be set for a while .
 I refer to the entire area between Pakistan and Morocco, which is predominantly Arab, predominantly Moslem, but includes many non-Arab and also significant non-Moslem minorities .
 An editorial in the church-owned Deseret Morning News in Salt Lake City earlier this year acknowledged that "the state's history, a conservative belief in free choice, and an unwillingness to stir up a hornet's nest in the national media have likely all contributed to the kid-glove approach lawmakers and law-enforcement officers have taken when dealing with polygamous communities. "
 The main reason I wrote this post is to ask anyone reading this if they know of some way I can help put a stop to this Cat Holocaust .
 A taller horse doesn't always mean a horse you can't handle .
 Those who show up and complain, but are not participating in the working groups and the daily Ercot phone calls, board meetings, etc. are ignored .
 The only neurological sign that he shows is that he barely drags his toes and sometimes has trouble with his right lead .
 Seems as if there is a clear distinction being made between the 'imaginary' Whore of Babalon and the actually Whore of Babylon, which is this global system .
 The best thing you can do in Okinawa is to go to a beach .
 We have attended A Ward Dance Centre for over a year and really enjoy the friendly and welcoming way we are taught Ballroom and Latin as well as the fun filled social dance evening held every Saturday evening... .
 100 - Percentage of those decisions that Bush then decided to allow the government to ignore indefinitely .
 A few minutes after I left, I was called and informed that "I" left my wheel lock (which they should have left in the car) .
 In October 2001, did the FBI profilers know of the draft message Khalid Mohammed had on the seized laptop (from 1995) that was signed "Khalid Sheik Bojinka" ?
 Liberty construction shows up and it's two guys...all I get is 100% sales pitch "We're the best...we're number 50 so we must be doing something right...look at all these certificates that say we're great" .
 You want to bring something back with you from your deep space experience where you sensed your mind merging with the universal Mind .
 There are three Starbucks locations that I frequent .
 Let me know if this is the appropriate steps that you would like to see .
 Is there any tricks I could use ?
 $1m - Estimated value of a painting the Bush Presidential Library in College Station, Texas, received from Prince Bandar, Saudi Arabia's ambassador to the United States and Bush family friend .
 The asparagus, seared tuna, and lobster tail were the best we ever had .
 In addition, could you look over the list below to see if there are any additional employees in your group that spent time on ECP, so we can ensure we bill all of our used resources to ECP .
 Kori told me she saw you last night at Steak Night and introduced herself since I failed to do so the last time we went .
 I have a friend who came here from Bulgaria after winning a green card in a lottery .
 Dekalb County Police Chief Louis Graham...the man who reopened the investigations last year, is mysteriously stepping down .
 The winner of this competition will receive $5000, which Beyond Control hopes to win in order to donate it to the Abby Freeman fund .
 Also, if you can think of anything else I can do to strengthen my overall application file for next year, please let me know .
 They'll give you a comprehensive list of all the universities that do the courses you want, plus all the information you need to apply .
 After the sentencing one of Robinson's tearful supporters "turned to Claudia Vercellotti, a local leader of the Survivors Network for Those Abused by Priests [SNAP], who had helped reopen the case, and told her, 'I hope you rot in hell!' "
 A great breakfast which was included every morning until 9:30am; yummy fresh Parisian croissants .
 In a major regional shift reflecting the newly strengthened position of Karzai, Iran, Russia and India which have traditionally backed the Tajik dominated former Northern Alliance made strenuous efforts to convince presidential candidate Younis Qanooni to strike a deal with Karzai before the elections and not to oppose Karzai .
 1. The pricing that we have given CRRA is specific to FuelCell Energy and would not be meaningful without listing the manufacturer (i.e., ONSI would be a lot more money) .
 Because of an international medical convention ongoing in Washington at the same time as our meetings, the Grand Hyatt unfortunately is already booked .
 My partners and I solicit your assistance in completing a transaction begun by my father, who has long been actively engaged in the extraction of petroleum in the United States of America, and bravely served his country as director of the United States Central Intelligence Agency .
 I have 2 phones running on the same line and the ADSL which is connected to one of the phones and the filter, I'm still getting a buzzing noise even when I have disconnected the other phone without one .
 There is a risk that observers underestimate the time that Al Qaeda has had to make progress in such recruitment and research and development .
 He is kind of hate walking with leash, every time I put the leash on, he will try to bite it .
 24,000 - Estimated number of premature deaths that will occur under Bush's Clear Skies initiative .
 I would not have gone back, but I couldn't find the particular tire they'd used in stock anywhere else .
 We insist that no one, especially the state, is allowed to coerce people into marriage or bar two consenting adults, whether of the same or differing genders, from forming the family unit that lets them be more fully loving, thus more fully human .
 "We believe the action we took addressed a severe concern,'' Robinson said .
 The sweet potato tempura roll was actually a great surprise: cheap and delicious, the only thing we tried that I would say was well worth it and a great value (and I never get vegetarian rolls) .
 Significantly, the individual who isolated it nearly a quarter century ago (now retired), upon being contacted, does not even report that he necessarily sent the only copy of the strain to Ft. Detrick .
 It will also require someone who is fairly mature in their own spiritual journey .
 The American people were NOT having any of it, and elected Richard Nixon to fix the mess LBJ had made (not to surrender like the antiwar movement was demanding) .
 Remember the old shoe sizing machines that was a form of radiation xray ?
 It's nice to see that even in the economy we can eat a place that has upscale service, amazing atmosphere, and Incredible food, but not break the bank while enjoying it !
 Islamabad accuses New Delhi of using its consulates in Kandahar and Jalalabad to train Balochi insurgents who are active in Pakistani Balochistan .
 The worst thing that can happen for any restaurant like Zahav is to have too many people write hyperbolic reviews making claims that "everyone" is going to "love" the food, decor and service .
 The staff was very helpful in finding the right dog for me and the care my pup received was outstanding .
 The dangers implicit in any attack upon that nation, however, seem to significantly offset whatever gains could be made in the so-called "War on Terror. "
 What I know is that I have a close friend who's aunt disappeared in New Orleans .
 The Gulf itself only has one exit, the Strait of Hormuz, which is also dominated by the mountainous Iranian coastline .
 You made a choice to be a mommy, you dont get a break until they move out, thats the choice that you madea and that's life .
 Even for those who later abstain, "visual-spatial abilities, abstraction, problem solving , and short-term memory, are the slowest to recover. "
 The following Friday, I returned with my car to go ahead and replace the other 3 tires, which were worn .
 He could bear no longer that expressionless and motionless stare, which seemed to have a sort of impenetrable emptiness like the black depth of an abyss .
 I much preferred the one-on-one service here to the experiences I've had with bigger offices and firms .
 Most of the tourists that I've come across buy tours along the My Tho waterfront .
 100 - Number of US chemical plants where a terrorist act could endanger the lives of more than one million people .
 They also got my friends order mixed up and wanted to charger her $10 more than what she had wanted .
 ... Fishing, Jet skies, snorkeling, diving are some of the things you can do for fun .
 I would say it really depends on your riding ability, what disciplines you are interested in doing, or plan on doing, etc .
 Ironically sometimes it is wise to leave the newly picked eggs in fresh tap water with some chlorination to kill microscopic critters that ride in with the eggs .
 Eagle Transmission determined that much of the work the dealer said needed to be done was unneccesary and what needed to be fixed was only $400! !
 Therefore, any trade mark registration that incorporates the word ONLINE as a suffix in the way that you use it will not enable its owner to prevent others from using the word ONLINE .
 70m - Estimated number of Americans who describe themselves as Evangelicals who accept Jesus Christ as their personal saviour and who interpret the Bible as the direct word of God .
 There must be a reason so many people like it there .
 There is a splash fountain (no standing water) for little ones still in diapers; Next is a wading pool for those who are potty trained; Then a family pool; Finally there is a pool for adults only with kids not allowed .
 Unless you have a particular skill they need - and firm job offer before going - I would think twice about it !
 It represents a person who is repulsive in appearance and action and is barely human .
 This would replace the paper copies you and your people are currently getting .
 Since reintroduction, however, Ripple and Beschta have found, fear of the wolves apparently has discouraged the elk from spending too much time at stream banks -- where they are out in the open -- and munching on the saplings .
 "As an American, I would like to take this opportunity to tell all the 'USA and Bush Bashers' that I am appalled at the number of 'allies' that are using this disaster as their podium to spread their useless opinions .
 A May 2001 letter that Zawahiri sent to Egyptian Islamic Jihad members abroad establish that Zawahiri used "school" as a code word for the Egyptian militant islamists in his correspondence .
 These are the steps I used .
 Thanks for doing such great work on my important pieces of clothing that always look great !
 As an outgrowth of the meeting Leslie and I had with Scott and Hunter a couple of weeks ago, we have begun work to develop an electronic tool that would allow us to provide ongoing summaries of FERC gas activities, and possibly electric activities, in a format that can be linked to the Fundamentals intranet site used by the traders .
 For weeks, reporters scoured Alabama in search of pilots or anyone who might have remembered seeing Mr. Bush at the time he was serving in the National Guard there .
 This left Westmoreland with few options, so he adapted a Search and Destroy strategy instead of a Clear and Defend strategy which is, in the long run, the preferred method of pacifying an insurgency .
 The only problem that I had in 2 years of living there was that the walls are pretty thin, sometimes I could here my neighbors conversations .
 Antichrist John Lennon followed the Devil's strategy writing lyrics such as "God is a concept by which we measure our pain...I don't believe in Jesus, etc., etc.," (God) and "and no religions too..." (Imagine) .
 GOODWYN: Archibald says the frequency with which Mr. Bush discussed the subject was off-putting to him .
 Bill Clinton understood this at the end of his term in office yet, under Colin Powell (who appears to have an affinity for generals active in politics), the pendulum of U.S. policy has once again swung toward a quixotic effort to prize at least the Valley of Kashmir loose from India .
 The outer circle is largely financed by Saudi Arabia, but also by donations from certain Moslem communities in the United States and Europe and, to a smaller extent, by donations of European Governments to various NGO's and by certain United Nations organizations, whose goals may be noble, but they are infested and exploited by agents of the outer circle .
 This is the insidious conspiracy I call "Mommism" .
 However, in April 2001, the IAEA published Fifteen Years after the Chernobyl Accident - Lessons learned. which contradict the earlier reports .
 I highly recommend the four-course tasting menu, which gives you plenty of range and food to satisfy your appetite .
 Bending backward represents: "I am ready to face all obstacles that may come. "
 Well we have been working with Ulistic for 1.5 months, and have 100 people following our site on Facebook, and our web site, www.designofashion.com has seen a 3 fold increase in traffic, which is significantly beating our expectations - SEO is a process that takes time and to get results this quickly is exceptional .
 One man's relentless search for his missing son led him to uncover one of the most shocking crimes in post-war Italy - a tale of satanism and violence that has gripped the country for more than a year .
 According to a post she made on the internet, Aafia Siddiqui expressed the same sentiment in connection with US appropriations sought in exchange for the extradition of WTC 1993 plotter Ramzi Yousef from Pakistan .
 Theres a reason why Frank mcclelland was named best chef of the north east reigon .
 This call has been changed to 3 pm (Houston time) which is 5 pm (Sao Paulo time) .
 But she did a fabulous job letting me know what she was doing at all times and styled my hair in a way i could do it at home .
 Nothing compares to a home made product that really stands the test of time.  -
 This particular chair is designed to help with back problems, which she has .
 I am sending you some info that I have passed along regarding the effort to win the cash for the fund raising benefit .
 In late September 2001, it was announced that the President was seeking a blanket waiver that would lift all restrictions on aid to military and security units in connection with pursuing the militant islamists .
 They are hoping Corp will foot the bill for a pilot which will allow them to fully test this tool before implementing it company-wide .
 Despite Sept. 11, the United States still supports the Kashmir groups that back jihad as part of the price Washington is paying to keep Pervez Musharraf happy .
 Impossible to say, but I guess you would have to work out fuel consumption for the particular vehicle that they are using and pay a proportion of that, and some on top for the driver's time and effort, unless you are able to share transport with another or more, that would keep the costs down .
 Not that there is anything wrong with that because they also employ local people that live and shop in the area .
 Everyone can get the signature dish with ingredients and spices that they want and have the fun of watching it cook .
 28 - Number of vacation days Bush took in August 2003, the second-longest vacation of any president in US history .
 Not only were my wife and I very pleased, but I also had the air duct quality tested professionally by the home inspector that I regularly use, before and after United Air Duct performed their work .
 0 - Number of times Bush mentioned Saudi Arabia in his three State of the Union addresses .
 Above is the link to the Department of State travel website, which will give you all the info that you need, including passport information .
 Dr. Eric Fortier, 34, of Gatineau, Que., used a pocket knife to attack a polar bear on Baffin Island, just south of the Arctic Circle, to save two friends who were being mauled .
 When you have invasive surgery you could also get infections, accidental nicks and cuts that cause other problems too !
 $3.7m - Amount the EPA valued each human life when conducting analyses of proposed regulations during the Bush administration .
 Israel's security interests are best served by peace with its neighbors, which can only be achieved by trading land for peace with the Palestinians .
 During the session, he demanded to have my physical address, which I've always kept private as I am enrolled in a witness protection program .
 According to the controversial "Feith memo," which summarized purported intelligence showing an Iraqi/Al Qaeda connection, Osama Bin Laden had asked Iraqi intelligence for technical assistance in sending letter bombs a half year before the Al Hayat letters were sent .
 (i know that snakes that have problems going to the bathroom won't eat. )
 And every time he see some one he will rush to people and jump on them, doesn't listen to me .
 I am waiting longer at BNA for my pickups and last time I parked with them, they lost my car key .
 The least we can do is pass this news along .
 I would like that ability in order to hedge some exposure I have of unexercised vested options .
 I wanted to be very blonde and instead he pulled my root color throughout my whole hair which is a gross mousey brown .
 Afshari, who was posted in Germany and was responsible for receiving Mujahedeen children during the gulf war, said that when the German government tried to absorb Mujahedeen children into their education system, the Mujahedeen refused .
 Disney cruises offer 24-hour room services, and the crews are ready to serve you the way you like .
 $80,000 - Amount an Iraqi firm spent (using Saddam's confiscated funds) to build the same factory, after delays prevented the American firm from starting it .
 63 - Percentage of oil the United States imported in 2003, a record high .
 0 - Number of coffins of dead soldiers returning home that the Bush administration has permitted to be photographed .
 I believe you got a copy of the John Sommer letter to producers dated Jan 6 that MKM's spies intercepted .
 When you blame it all on society, there's noone to to take responsibility and all of a sudden you have generation of fucked up kids who are likley smoking, drinking, doing drugs, fucking the neighbor or some internet perv just because you are too lazy to see waht they're doing .
 And to those who don't even know their crimes, not even that .
 Third ranking CIA officer, Briggs signed a declaration on February 3rd, 1983, that on November 8th, 1982, he had authorized a search of CIA records "for any material that in any way pertains to Edwin P. Wilson, or the various allegations concerning his activities after February 28th, 1971, when he retired from the CIA. "
 International law does not know how to deal with a leader of murderers who is royally and comfortably hosted by a country, which pretends to condemn his acts or just claims to be too weak to arrest him .
 Let us know the latest with Ted and also with what's going on in Houston .
 The Agel compensation plan includes the principles that ensure that promise can be fulfilled for those who work at it .
 $10m- Amount Bush cut from the INS's existing terrorism budget .
 Our letter of credit person would be more comfortable if we deleted all of the language that makes the LC transferable .
 That's all you can really ask from a car dealer and Michael and Barrett hit all 3 .
 (Kut is in southeastern Iraq and has an overwhelmingly Shiite population, who are on the lookout for Baathist saboteurs and willingly turn them in .
 Well I was in for a treat when I was greeted by the friendly girls at the counter who asked if my wife and I would like to sit in their "new" dining room .
 1) Highlighting that information will only be provided that is related to enovate and 2) that each designated representative should sign an appropriate confidentiality agreement .
 Even the small navy that Iran puts to sea is capable enough to harass shipping, and several cases of small boat operations against oil well heads in the Gulf during that period made it clear small asymmetrical tactics of the Iranian Navy could be quite effective. "
 India keeps what it has while Pakistan and China (which was gifted a slice of the territory three decades ago) do likewise .
 5 - Estimated Percentage of US air cargo that is screened, including cargo transported on passenger planes .
 "I do not feel it has changed the US citizens which is what was needed, even now the majority want "Gas" despite the fact they are polluting the world more than any other country in the world and refuse to stop, perhaps this natural disaster, which let's face it looks like a product of Global Warming, will change their views, why not pick things up with your hands and walk with your legs, other people in the world do it, "Gas" is not the be all and end all! "
 If you must use a cleaner, pledge should be fine if the area that you keep your parakeet in is well ventilated .
 I was planning to be on vacation anyway, but I may have some accessibility challenges in Ft. Worth which I would not have had otherwise .
 (His conclusion may have been based on the fake mobile biolab plans foisted upon the US by the Chalabi associate "Curveball", which Alibek divined to be identical to Russian mobile lab design) .
 actually -for volumes flowing out of bondad-which is deal number 763736 price is bondad gda;for blanco-deal number 759933-price is nonbondad gd a
 We feed the chickens scraps of veggies and fruits throughout the day, but it's nothing that a rabbit wouldn't be able to digest just fine .
 Brass melts at just under 2000F which is a bright yellow heat, not red hot .
 It took all the courage I could muster to make an appointment .
 Both have shared this country for the last 14 centuries and there is no possible way that one can live without the other .
 680 - Number of suspected al-Qa'ida members that the United States admits are detained at Guantánamo Bay, Cuba .
 I called a few different businesses in the area to get estimates , they weren't the cheapest I found but very reasonable .
 I've referred everyone i know here and they all feel the same way! !
 Those who show up with complaints but cannot point to specifics are virtually ignored .
 Make sure there are plenty of litter boxes that are cleaned often .
 30 - Percentage of Americans who believe that "politics and government are too complicated to understand. "
 Coming from a person who hates the dentist in general, Dr. Taylor was the best !
 This is a horse that I otherwise wouldn't be able to afford and even if I spend 2K and treatment I come out ahead of his purchase price .
 A pattern of arrests and seizures indicate that arms are brought by the LTTE from Laos, Cambodia and Thailand into Chittagong, from where they are transported northward by land to Bhutan .
 35m - Number of Americans that the government defines as "food insecure," in other words, hungry .
 Another bad step was the recent arrest of Sheikh Hassan Al-Lihabi, of the Lihaib tribe which is scattered between the governorates of Al-Anbar, Mosul and Salah Al-Din .
 When the guys arrived (2 hours later than agreed) they told that you have to pay all the tolls they payed coming from Brooklyn and extra $100 for them to drive back from your destination .
 Chasing them on issues from the day I moved in (many of them still unresolved as I left) to all sorts of farcical issues with funds, after I left. . . . as soon as I could .
 0 - Number of memorial services for the returned dead that Bush has attended since the beginning of the war .
 They are currently working on a bid (due 1/31) for the Medusa project which involves Murphy (operator), Agip and Callon in Mississippi Canyon Blocks #538 and #582 .
 The Irish weather works on the ‘four seasons in a day’ principle, which basic­ally means that you can’t predict a thing when it comes to the behaviour of the sky .
 I was to see that the doors were open and the signal of a green or white light in a window which faced the drive was to give notice if all was safe or if the attempt had better be postponed .
 There is nothing wrong with a REAL negotiation, but nothing particularly helpful about generating one that s just for show .
 Attached is the revised draft paper that reflects our conference call with Bob Fagan earlier this week .
 We've always liked big long trotters that do better on mile tracks then 1/2 mile .
 55 - Percentage of the Iraqi workforce who were unemployed before the war .
 I was born and raised in Toronto, which has a huge West Indian (Trinidadian, Jamaican, etc) population .
 Iraqi cities such as Fallujah and Ramadi were on the truck route from Amman to Baghdad, and so came under the influence of the Salafi movement, which is popular in Jordan .
 The best value I've found from a Chinese restaurant .
 It is always interesting what spin the press will take .
 detailed position analysis of all OBSF contracts that must be reconciled to Barclays documentatio n
 The Kerry camp blames Bush for the Swift boat veterans’ attack, but anyone who has spent much time talking to the Swifties gets the sense that they are doing it entirely for their own reasons .
 Their sense of humour and calmness when dealing with the little ones amazes me every time I walk in .
 Parmesan has spent much of her career studying the checkerspot butterfly, which migrates between Mexico and southern California .
 "All of the research and all of the preparation I did leading up to the trip gave no indication that there were bears in the Soper [River] valley where we were canoeing," Dr. Fortier said .
 I feel that the way some doctors offices work around here is a little bit absurd so I'm happy that these guys don't do those two things in particlular .
 Jurisdictions which are not approved to trade credit derivatives include: Austria, Belgium, Canada, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, France, Gibraltar, Ireland, Italy, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Scotland, Singapore, Slovenia, Spain, and The Netherlands .
 This applies especially in the high Arctic where the ice cover is expected to diminish substantially with the effect that the surface absorption of solar radiation will greatly increase. "
 But the menu had standard stuff that one would get at a Belgian Tavern .
 I also never have to wait long for a yearly inspection sticker...and never get the usual excuses other shops always gave me..."the inspection guy isn't here today"....for example .
 He may have been seen in Hamilton, Canada -- along with Egyptian al-Maati, who apparently also has received pilot training .
 We are resolved that the State should not interfere with same-gender couples who choose to marry and share fully and equally in the rights, responsibilities, and commitments of civil marriage .
 I have been getting my treatments for a few months now and have seen some results but not up to the standards that I was told I should expect .
 408 - Number of species that could be extinct by 2050 if the global-warming trend continues .
 1) The Italian Renaissance began the opening phase of the Renaissance, a period of great cultural change and achievement in Europe that spanned the period from the end of the 13th century to about 1600, marking the transition between Medieval and Early Modern Europe .
 I am still sure that UT is the place for getting an excellent graduate-level education, so I want you to know that I am going to do what ever it takes to get in next year .
 I sent a graphic that would have been distorted if printed as it was .
 I'll be in Okinawa for about a week so I was wondering what are some fun things I could do ?
 Stan may also bring the letter up orally next time he's on the phonne with Gibson or Kyle as an example of how not to handle this situation .
 90 - Percentage of detectors which give early warning of a biological weapons attack found to be defective .
 They offer sales that aren't really sales, mislabeled items that make the item sound like a good deal when it isn't, a bad attitude about return items, and on and on .
 There's plenty of parking, and I've never had an issue with audience members who won't stop talking or answering their cellphones .
 According to senior counter terrorism officials, both here and abroad, among the supporters of these militant islamists were people who blended into society and were available to act when another part of the network requested it .
 Peggy Banczak is the ENA lawyer who handles Mexico .
 They bake bread fresh daily, they don't press their sandwiches which is the way I like it, and the meat is always fresh .
 In the last decade, there has been a real and significant increase in childhood and, to a certain extent, adult carcinoma of the thyroid in contaminated regions of the former Soviet Union (Wi940) which should be attributed to the Chernobyl accident until proven otherwise .
 I'm very frustrated at this point- it would take all of 10 min for them to come by and replace the one board that is cracked (the crack is deep enough to stick a penny in it and it goes clear through) yet they do not want to take the time to bother with what once WAS a happy customer and has now become a dissatisfied customer .
 A 1970 evaluation said Bush “clearly stands out as a top notch fighter interceptor pilot” and was “a natural leader whom his contemporaries look to for leadership. ”
 They are kind of in rank order but as I stated if I find the piece that I like we will purchase it .
 As a parent, I can well imagine how painful it must be for those families whose children are succumbing to radiation poisoning .
 Agel has created a new compensation structure that is truly revolutionary .
 But air traffic controllers in Baghdad have no record of the flights, which supposedly took off between July 2004 and July 2005 .
 And, a relationship you begin now will last a very long time - like, for the rest of your life .
 Given the chance your cat may only have one kidney, I would think the worst case scenario would be kidney disease, which untreated can lead to possible renal failure .
 For now, this is the list of countries for which we will probably need the FX and/or inflation curves .
 268 Number of Bush-Cheney fund-raisers who had earned Pioneer status (by raising $100,000 each) as of March 2004 .
 The finest Christmas Trees i've ever seen .
 But he was an inside/outside cat (only one I owned - rest have been 100 0nside cats) .
 I have done Yoga for riders for a while, a 20 minute routine I found on YouTube (I think its called "Yoga for horse back riding" hosted by a man) It helped with noticing slight differences in my balance and weight distribution but not really for the way I use my legs and back .
 Joe asked that you fax the revised gtee wording that has been agreed (I believe it was our agreeing to reduce the claim period from 15 days down to 5) and the new l/c wording (drops the 2 day period to replace an l/c with a different bank if the first refuses to pay) .
 They interviewed me, gave me tests in the software I included on my resume, and placed me in a position that I kept for several years .
 The pictures are broadcast at a rate of about 60Hz, which is how fast they need to move for us to see them as a moving, flawless picture .
 There is a new game in town: The actual murderer is called "the military wing", the one who pays him, equips him and sends him is now called "the political wing" and the head of the operation is called the "spiritual leader" .
 EDIT: My memory may not be good so you might get a more accurate answer from someone else who remembers the time .
 For horses that are strong pullers .
 Living out of synch with nature is the great disease, from that flows all the tributaries we have come to think of as sickness .
 This, Pakistan's lobbyist in Washington Christina Rocca has been told, is the "minimum" that the Pakistan army will accept .
 73 - Number of times that Bush mentioned terrorism or terrorists in his three State of the Union addresses .
 I don't believe that folks who believe that America is the land of opportunity will change their views from this recent news .
 23m - Number of Evangelicals who voted for Bush in 2000 .
 NOTE: You may want to retain every name and address sent to you, either on a computer or hard copy and keep the notes people send you .
 With luck, the Kashmir Valley can attract investment from the Middle East and other locations where Muslims are dominant and become a tourist, education and services haven within India .
 These are the people who keep Jerry springer on the air .
 They began to withhold power from California, and on Dec. 7 the ISO declared its first Stage 3 emergency and braced for blackouts, which were narrowly averted .
 I was able to cancel it but only after paying a $50 fee (which the staff person who signed me up stated I would not have to pay if I had proof of moving) and being spoken to in a very belittling manner .
 Neither the ISO board, which had established the price cap, nor the governor learned of Winter's actions until the cap had been removed .
 Dr. Fortier threw a large rock at the bear, distracting it and allowing Parenteau to escape but it then turned on 25-year-old Patricia Doyon, who was in the same tent .
 Any programs that you use please list :) Th x
 Well, T.V. is a series of flickering pictures that are streamed together to make a moving picture .
 You do NOT learn the things you were promised .
 Although Ramzi Binalshibh provided him $14,000 in July, accused September 11 conspirator Zacarias Moussaoui told his trial judge that he had an al Qaeda mission that would have come after the terrorist attacks .
 And they're working towards being able to extradite people who have left the country to avoid paying it back .
 Please send me an excel spreadsheet which depicts the value that you see associated with the heat rate spread option .
 This is about the fourth time they've done my horse's feet because I just switched back to them .
 "It marks the first time in recent years that China has promised to wield its veto power in the UN Security Council against a petition initiated by the United States and backed by France and Great Britain. "
 If democracy is just free elections, it is likely that the most fanatic regime will be elected, the one whose incitement and fabrications are the most inflammatory .
 More people die from AIDS in one day in Africa than all the Russians who died in the hands of Chechnya-based Moslem suicide murderers since that conflict started .
 so any price you find, DOUBLE IT figure, $40K at least .
 I am very pleased with the tattoos that I revived from them .
 I was experiencing severe back pain to the point I could barely walk or even bare to sit .
 Our distinguished colleagues in this business transaction include the sitting vice-president of the United States of America, Richard Cheney, who is an original partner in the Iraq venture and former head of the Halliburton oil company, and Condoleeza Rice, whose professional dedication to the venture was demonstrated in the naming of a Chevron oil tanker after her .
 All I can say is that I am glad I went in !
 Attached are the fax cover pages for each of the Nylon and Polykron Deemed ISDAs I just sent you .
 I felt very much like Wedding Gallery was being dishonest and I wouldn't trust them to lace me up in another gown let alone trust them with the gown I will wear on the most important day of my life .
 5 - Number of states that do not use the word "evolution" in public school science courses .
 What I saw was dozens of school buses submerged that could have been used to evacuate people who had no transportation .
 104 - Number of Bush administration public statements on National security and defense in the same period that mentioned Iraq or Saddam Hussein .
 Unfortunately, Mr. Lay will be in San Jose, CA participating in a conference, where he is a speaker, on June 14 .
 But throughout Alabama, there were Republicans and Democrats who wanted to help Red Blount .
 Sailing with the Roosevelt is the Tarawa Expeditionary Strike Force, which includes the USS Tarawa, the USS Austin, and the USS Pearl Harbor .
 Please send me the current fuel curve that you are converting to $/MWh to value the deal ?
 Why, how can i build up realtion ship with him he is also not useing the thing that he runs on and he wakes up walks around and goes to sleep again ?? ?
 I go every other week for the shallac/gel manicure which is only $25 and it truly lasts 2 weeks !
 You may find a normal budget hotel for Rs 1000 per night in the cities you mentioned, the links below may help you to find good hotels in Delhi and Agra .
 The employees at this Sear's are completely apathetic and there didn't seem to be any sort of management that I could see .
 It is the welfare society that was New Orleans. "
 Since September 11, Pakistan has been repeatedly accused by Afghan and Western leaders of harbouring Taliban extremists who had pledged to disrupt the elections, but at the highest level the US has avoided criticising President Pervaiz Musharraf on the grounds that he is helping the US catch Al Qaeda elements inside Pakistan .
 A country deserves the leaders it has, my friends.. .
 We also own two chickens that are kept in a run behind out garage/barn thing .
 It is less complicated for me to initial and fax than to track down someone who doesn't know anything about it and get them to initial it .
 China's "is not a fly-by-night program," said Joan Johnson-Freese, an expert on national security who follows space developments in the Asian nation at the Naval War College in Newport, R.I .
 How about Friday, Sept. 17, at 9 am (Houston time) which is 11 am (Sao Paulo) time ?
 On a recent event quote that I had done, they came in thousands of dollars over their local competition .
 These islands sit aside the vital sea lanes of the Strait of Malacca, through which 300 tankers and merchant ships pass daily, bringing in oil for the Far East and Southeast Asia .
 The graphics are without a doubt the amoung the best graphics I have ever seen for any game and I have been gaming since the MUD days .
 Pioneers were assigned numbers, which were included on all cheques, enabling the campaign to keep track of who raised how much. )
 Try their weekend "tastings" which you can learn about by getting on their weekly email list .
 1972 - Year that Bush walked away from his pilot duties in the Texas National Guard, Nearly two years before his six-year obligation was up .
 The two developments, he said, could eventually enable China's space program to mature to the point that experts could assemble and launch from Earth's orbit a spacecraft capable of circling the moon with astronauts and returning home .
 Although the origins of a movement that was confined largely to the literate culture of intellectual endeavor and patronage can be traced to the earlier part of the 14th century, many aspects of Italian culture and society remained largely Medieval; the Renaissance did not come into full swing until the end of the century .
 There are a couple ways one could spawn lineatus - mop spawning & water incubating them for two weeks, picking eggs from a mop & putting them in a tray of treated, seasoned water or setting up the parents in a planted tank & moving them so the fry can hatch out there .
 The reason he said he didn't put that nail in was because he "didn't want to risk it" with my horse's horrible feet .
 Some of the younger kids that work there are a bit sub par, but if you wait for Nick... you'll be good .
 With hard work and focus, you will attain at least one important aspiration that has been on your agenda for a long time .
 All he had to do for a complete victory was allow the military to go into Laos and Cambodia and finish off the shattered Communist forces .
 Since the "Sea Tigers" of the LTTE, better known as the Tamil Tigers, are the ones who rule the Andaman Sea: they carry the arms and drugs for their own use and also to deliver to rebels in Aceh and all along the east coast of Africa .
 Japan's special envoy, Yasushi Akashi, who called for tangible progress in the peace process before the money would be released, came back from visits to Colombo and Kilinochchi in early November a frustrated man .
 He didnt prescribe pain meds or other drugs, he used his bodytalk method which is unusual but the results are undeniable .
 They don't do certain things that are really annoying about other offices .
 "The Prophet's guidance," says Michael Scheuer, an al-Qaeda analyst who recently retired from the CIA and once headed its Bin Laden unit, "was always, Before you attack someone, warn them very clearly..." The anthrax mailings followed the pattern of letters they sent in January 1997 to newspaper branches in Washington, D.C. and New York City, as well as symbolic targets .
 On Monday, Louis Lamonica, 45, the former pastor of Hosanna Church, was booked with two counts of aggravated rape and one count of crime against nature after he walked in to the Livingston Parish Sheriff's Office and said he could implicate others in a situation at the church that reportedly occurred two years ago .
 <<"I have told you, friend," said the curate, "that this is done to divert our idle thoughts; and as in well-ordered states games of CHESS, fives, and billiards are allowed for the diversion of those who do not care, or are not obliged, or are unable to work, so books of this kind are allowed to be printed, on the supposition that, what indeed is the truth, there can be nobody so ignorant as to take any of them for true stories;> >
 Please know that I have yet to meet a convict who wants their child to be a thief, an addict, a dealer, a prostitute, or a violent individual .
 If you want a doctor who will lie to you and say he will operate and then change his mind, and not know what he is talking about when he recommends procedures at other hospitals and says they are what you need, when they will not work for you, go to this doctor...he is the one for you .
 The decor left a lot to be desired and the posters telling me all the reasons 99 was great just served as an ironic contrast against the reality .
 They would thereby gain control of a major base for terrorist operations, which is also a nuclear power .
 I mean, that's the way it works at amusement parks: the longest lines are at the best rides .
 This is something that his ego trip of lucky bad musician could not face anymore... .
 They are deemed to be on notice that they had alternate point rights (its in the tariff) and if they wanted to submit a bid that had a different rate for primaries and alternates, they could have done so .
 But this location has the worst weekend staff I've seen EVER .
 Subject: Where can I get the necessary software to get a "smart" mail system running on my machine that will take advantage of the postings in comp.mail.maps? (E.g., pathalias, smail, etc. )
 $66b - Amount the United States spent on international aid and diplomacy in 1949 .
 The poor quality starts at the receptionist desk, where the staff is very impatient and lack the efficiency I once loved about the office .
 We also liked the way that Ray checked on the job everyday .
 Anna Marie and Govind are very sweet people, and the minute you steep into their school, the calm loving atmosphere takes over, and tension and worries stay outside in the street, whether or not you pick them up again after class is probably a question of practice .
 Add aquasafe with the water you put in it .
 I am a member of the design group that has been developing the American Arbitration Association's dispute management systems and services for eCommerce B2B transactions. ?
 The advertising farce of how much he loved Linda (woman whose quality he did not deserve), was exposed when it was known that Paul had an affair with Heather Mills, Linda's intimate friend, with whom McCartney went on a trip to New York and to whom he bought things and presents, while he was still mourning for his "dear Linda" .
 While it's not cheap, Alto will give you an experience you'll never forget .
 All horses I've had delivered to me since then are happy and healthy when they arrive .
 The only difference we had was for package V02 .
 We will fight with them about who owes the $200k that James mentions below based on their failure to "assist" us in managing the cost .
 67 - Percentage of Americans who approved of the way Bush was handling his job as president on 26 September 2002 .
 By the time it was over, Bush had served nearly two years .
 Lo and behold, they replaced the screen (which had to be ordered) yesterday and didn't charge me a dime .
 The commission is definitely more responsive to market participants that are articulating the issue, providing specific examples and proposing the solution .
 The charges that they have put some vets up to making against Kerry are false and can be demonstrated by the historical record to be false  .
 Four whole months, after which he took advantage of a little-known, little-invoked regulation that allowed him to desert his "band of brothers" .
 3 - Number of companies that control the US voting technology market .
 Ironically he almost burst out laughing and it was all he could do to keep his mirth down to a barely controlled smirk .
 I just want an e-reader that does a little bit more than just read .
 I found this on a bulletin board and decided to try it: I don't care about the useless pre-fabricated crap this message usually says .
 I was looking at the recent pullback in ENE and thinking it might be an opportunity to buy back the calls you sold .
 Complexities surrounding the operation of the Off Balance Sheet Facility ("OBSF") which commenced two weeks before the year end .
 Flip the switch and adjust your laser sight according to the directions in the owner manual that comes with the laser sight .
 Pools The Mariner of the Seas and Liberty both had salt water pools - which most cruise ships have .
 The guy who was cutting me the deals and getting me the furniture quickly, Ahmed, was nice and mostly professional, except the semi-sketchiness .
 It ALL had to do with the sales guy which was a young 22 year old who had admittedly only been working for 2 weeks .
 The word renaissance (Rinascimento in Italian) means “rebirth”, and the era is best known for the renewed interest in the culture of classical antiquity after the period that Renaissance humanists labelled the Dark Ages .
 There are three possible dates for the meeting, which I suggest be in two parts -- first, a meeting among the panel only from 5:00-6:30 p.m., and then a dinner with Chairman Levitt from 6:30-8:30 p.m .
 S. and I have an acquaintance who has hosted several of these children for many years; to see these little ones breaks the heart .
 Just a quick message to follow up on the email that I sent you recently inviting you to speak at our forthcoming congress, Risk 2001 Australia, which is taking place in Sydney on 20 & 21 August 2001 .
 Besides the obvious tourist spots which I already have planned for .
 China is seeking the construction of a pipeline from Iran to the Caspian Sea, where it would link with another planned pipeline running from Kazakhstan to China .
 Go onto the UCAS website, go onto course search and search for the courses you want to do .
 It is crucial to stop Saudi and other financial support of the outer circle, which is the fertile breeding ground of terror .
 i have never tried feeding him a pinky that was bigger around than he is .
 The prestigious IAEA (International Atomic Energy Agency) published an early report on Chernobyl which was based on information from Russian sources and stated that there was no significant health effects .
 Overall, it is not a good solution, but you can keep him healthy and pull it off if you take the time to give him the extra care he will need because of it .
 The dude who grills the retarded dogs is rude .
 i want to buy a laptop for my girlfriend in ireland,would she be able to just use the dongle she uses for her pc and put it straight in the laptop and it work like normall ?
 None, just walk in to the service office and present all the identification you have to prove your identity .
 The last I checked, the Satanists have a long way to go to catch up with the death and destruction dealt out by self-proclaimed (though false) Christians .
 I came in for alterations (free, by the way) and told her about a stain I had on my new leather purse .
 Let me know if this is the appropriate steps that you would like to see .
 Then the desserts came, and they were hands down the best dessert we ever had .
 James had heard that one hold up was the absence of a confidentiality agreement--I guess between ECS and Transwestern--that would permit ECS to communicate to us the details on how to access teh key info. from CDEC .
 However, he left my horse without a shoe for TWO WEEKS(now that's what I call a crap farrier) .
 "Ay," said Sancho; "it must be that some of your worship's shrewdness sticks to me; land that, of itself, is barren and dry, will come to yield good fruit if you dung it and till it> >
 My myTouch 4G crashes with most custom ROMs I install .
 It's the best meal for the money you will find in all of metro Atlanta .
 $101m - Amount Lay made from selling his Enron shares just before the company went bankrupt .
 "The Berlin daily Der Tagesspiegel this week," continued UPI, "quoted 'NATO intelligence sources' who claimed that the NATO allies had been informed that the United States is currently investigating all possibilities of bringing the mullah-led regime into line, including military options .
 A currency Transaction with Enron Europe Finance & Trading Limited ("EEFTL") as agent for Risk Management & Trading Corp. under which either (A) for the case in which Counterparty submits an offer to buy from EEFTL, Counterparty shall receive the Base Currency Amount and shall pay the Foreign Currency Amount, or (B) for the case in which Counterparty submits an offer to sell to EEFTL, Counterparty shall pay the Base Currency Amount and shall receive the Foreign Currency Amount .
 MMA also captured the Northwest Frontier Province, which probably shelters Bin Laden and al-Zawahiri, and is in a joint government of Baluchistan Province, also on the Afghanistan border .
 The place where I'm boarding is not likely to want to take me this far, and I do not have any ways of hauling him myself .
 Here's what the owner has said :
 When Iraq invaded Kuwait, many of these girls were transported to Jordan and then smuggled to various countries -- Germany, France, Canada, Denmark, England, the United States -- where they were raised by guardians who were usually Mujahedeen supporters .
 The Brazil trade deal included funding for a joint oil-drilling and pipeline programme at a cost that experts said would add up to three times the cost of simply buying oil on the market .
 Richard do you have any bad faith litigation pending against any insurers in Texas or are you aware of any Enron has filed? ?
 Everything they claim is a lie, and this above all .
 Kalkat, who currently chairs the independent US-based International Council on Conflict Resolution, said despite the failure of the Indian army to disarm or even subdue the Tigers, India remained the only power capable of influencing the course of the current peace talks .
 Each evening you will get a 'magazine' called The Navigator which lists all of the activities for the next day .
 The people who carry out these underground arms/drugs/sex trafficking deals are trauma based mind controlled slaves .
 We'll need to update the numbers for the offer we made to S.D. last week .
 I know a lot of people say to wait until he calls you, but it's different because I'm a client and technically that's all I am at this point .
 $42,000 - Average savings members of Bush's cabinet received in 2003 as a result of cuts in capital gains and dividends taxes .
 On the one hand, it should pressure Musharraf to take off his uniform and run for president in a fair election, and to repeal the contentious "Legal Framework Order" that essentially perpetuates his dictatorship .
 49 - Percentage of Americans who approved of the way Bush was handling his job as president in May 2004 .
 Last time I got a medium rat it was a girl and my snake handled her easily .
 It simply refers to the same ICC publication for the transfer process that governs the letter of credit generally .
 Kumaratunga's India tour preceded a three-day visit to Sri Lanka by Norwegian Foreign Minister Jan Petersen in a new bid to revive the peace talks that were supposed to follow a ceasefire that Oslo successfully brokered in February 2002 .
 We now have a settlement before the Commission that includes ratepayer advocates, commercial and industrial customers, electric generators, marketers, shippers, independent storage providers,? gas suppliers,? producers, utilities, aggregators, pipeline companies, wholesale customers, municipalities, and retail mass marketers, among others. ?
 The owner warned me that it was the best salsa I would ever had, and he was right .
 Ironically sometimes it is wise to newly picked eggs in fresh tap water with some chlorination to kill microscopic critters that ride in with the eggs .
 A veteran of India's military intervention in the Jaffna peninsula to help implement the 1987 Indo-Sri Lanka Peace Accord - which ambitiously provided for the disarming of the formidable LTTE - Kalkat said the new defense deal would essentially be a reiteration of the older one minus its military commitment .
 Room was clean, but had a weird, dated, sink/stove combo that didn't work .
 Came the disintegration of the Beatles' minds with LSD which has caused, among others, schizophrenic lyrics such as "I am the Walrus" and incoherent schizophrenic musical expositions like "Revolution number 9" .
 The flowers were all that I hoped they would be, I have attended several funerals of late unfortunately and the flowers I recieved from Ana outshone them all .
 when i watched werewolf in london ( great film) that was the only time i saw the yorkshire moors .
 $50m - Amount granted to the commission that looked into the Columbia space shuttle crash .
 After George Harrison, said arrogantly in a video filmed in his studio at Henley on Thames: "I want to talk about the divinity of man", he was given throat cancer by GOD because of those words, which made metastasis and carried on to final death. .
 Islamabad accuses New Delhi of using its consulates in Kandahar and Jalalabad to train Balochi insurgents who are active in Pakistani Balochistan .
 I add that in because there have been some people who have tried to claim citizenship by sending for their birth certificate when they were never really born in Canada or to Canadian parents .
 The pizza is usually pretty good, the only bad one we got was on a Friday night and it just needed to be cooked a little more, but it was still good .
 A large number of them are Bangladeshis, who like millions of their countrymen have left their densely populated homeland to settle elsewhere .
 The sender probably is announcing that he is of either Egyptian Islamic Jihad, Egyptian Islamic Group or Jihad-al Qaeda, which is actually the full name of the group after the merger of the Egyptian Islamic Jihad and al Qaeda .
 Let me put it this way - If you have watched TV recently, crossed a modern bridge, flown in an airplane, recieved any form of modern medicine, did any mathematics, drove a car, used a cellular phone, etc. then you have somehow directly reaped the rewards which NASA has returned to us .
 I have also had an 80 yr old that I take of sent to the ER and long stays in the hospital .
 It had listed that there was a hot breakfast but all this meant is that they added a waffle maker to the common continental affair at most cheap hotels .
 Denial of the status of marriage to those who would freely accept its responsibilities creates legal and economic inequities and social injustice .
 an outline of the internal balance sheet review process described in my earlier note which must now be reprioritised and rescoped ( see MO work  )
 But other people do like the way they think he will vote, and the ones who favor him seem to outnumber the ones who oppose him .
 One of the worst experiences I've ever had with a auto repair shop .
 The countries which are giving to America to aid are a great example of the seed that America has sown through the years with other nations .
 I was feeling the need for some fish so I had the salmon which was very good but the steaks looked amazing and if I am in town again, I'll definitely order a steak .
 -AND JUST MORE STUFF YOU LIKED OVERAL L
 Chris and Ben did a marvelous job for Thanksgiving, I can testify that it was one of the best Thanksgiv8ing Dinners I've ever had (I not gonna tell them that, I don't want them getting swell heads) .
 Below I pasted the email text, and it has a link to a website that automatically plays this song the author of the email created .
 He was prompt, knowledgable, friendly, clean and just an overall great guy who obviously cares about his business .
 I'd be happy if someone helps, especially someone who has been to Fujairah or lives there. : )
 This was a specific reaction to the American invasion of Iraq, and a reaction to America's condemnation of Syria after the death of Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri, which was widely seen as an assassination ordered from Damascus .
 1983 - The year in which Donald Rumsfeld, Ronald Reagan's special envoy to the Middle East, gave Saddam Hussein a pair of golden spurs as a gift .
 At the same time the US remains oblivious of the serious problems and political fallout which the army is facing in its operations in Waziristan .
 I need to have a form filled out that says I don't have health insurance coverage through Enron .
 I'm looking for the confidentiality agreement, which may be in Bart's files (haven't checked closely yet) .
 "Can you name the general who is in charge of Pakistan? "
 In Biloxi, 30 people were reported dead in one block of flats which was hit by a 9m (30ft) "storm surge" .
 I dropped off a sheet metal piece that I needed copied due to th it was needing to be replaced .
 - it dries out, losing the water that is soaked into the set structur e
 That was the last Ismat heard from her .
 Al Qaeda has had anthrax, the raw seed product in its unweaponized form, since at least 1997, when it was purchased by Bin Laden through the Moro Islamic Liberation Front ("Moro Front" or "MILF") .
 I'm glad they want to follow-up with Steve (I've been pushing it) and I've got some follow-up as well based on chats I had in the afternoon on Friday with folks post-call .
 Newsweek reported that a "second wave" involving biological attacks had been thwarted upon the arrest of Al Qaeda members who had been intended to provide logistical support .
 Sufaat, according to both KSM and Hambali, did not have the virulent US Army Ames strain that would be used .
 As you look at this, if for some reason we cannot obtain ElPaso ROW, we will have to look at Plan B which would be to put the metering on our ROW .
 Someone else I found that said they could do it but wanted to charge me more and give me less warranty .
 The auto mechanics that work for Auto Towing are very friendly and informative and answered any question I had .
 They could not find any cafes or food shops that provided Halal prepared foods .
 The night I drove back home, I found that the rear window has some leakage .
 All were awesome, & I had a Dogwood Grilled Cheese which was enjoyable with the fine beers .
 I believe he must have waited among the gorse bushes through which the path winds and struck him down as he passed .
 i have talked to some people that say that a medical exam is an invasion of privacy and other say its a routine thing when entering another country .
 I feel X-BOX is a very smooth system i own it like 3 years, its very compatible to previous versions and mostly important i was very comfortable with the User Interface and the JOYSTICK....coz you dont wana hold a joystick that gives you discomfort .
 Huge selection and, great suggestions from the staff and they refer you to reliable places if they don't have what you need .
 I believe the message you forwarded to me belongs to the Mark Taylor at EI (based in London) .
 I have a kitten who just turned 3 months today .
 In the meanwhile there are still broken families that should have been safe in the home of the brave .
 Kaoshikii is a dance which was invented in 1978 by Shrii Shrii A'nandamu'rti .
 I trust you and believe that you'll be able to handle this and all you have to do is to reciprocate !
 The Andaman Sea is a major conduit for this traffic, and the 572 large and small islands that constitute the Andaman and Nicobar group are a natural transit base .
 Now, FLDS leader Warren Jeffs has been added to the FBI's list of "Ten Most Wanted Fugitives," a move that caps law enforcement's dramatic change of approach toward the polygamous group in recent years...[because of] the impact that the group's practices, law enforcement officials say, are having on the most vulnerable within the sect, particularly children and women .
 He said after 10 years of DNA testing on northern Rockies wolves, scientists have not found a single strain that did not belong to one of the wolves the agency released -- or their descendants .
 "As you know, I usually provide the scientific and technological "entertainment" in our meetings, but, on this occasion, our Chairman suggested that I present my own personal view on events in the part of the world from which I come .
 China is furious that Japan has outbid it in their battle to determine the route of the pipeline that Russia intends to build to the Far East .
 Meiring's crimes are fresh, and wave the false flag which is the "War on Terror. "
 Both Dawa and SCIRI have umbilical connections to the fundamentalist Shi'ite leadership in Iran that go back decades .
 These links present the many viewpoints that existed and still exist about the disaster called Chernobyl :
 IT IS NOT A HIGH END STEAK HOUSE, MORE OF THE CUISINE BRETT ENJOYS IN MISSISSIPPI .
 He also inspected my entie roof to see if there was anything else that needed attention .
 Wherever he is, authorities need to focus on the traceable connection between him and those he or Atef recruited .
 You shouldn't ask this question it's intimidating, if i tell you what people knows about Philippines you will blush, thank god many thinks i'm japanese just because of the way i keep myself, the way i talk and treat people, and the way i dress, so if you don't want nasty, insulting answers especially from those undesirable migrants like puttagenius, caloy, gro science, and irene .
 But Bout's name isn't likely to be mentioned in whatever coverage this story receives, before it sinks like so many others beneath the media's frothing triviality .
 The draft you received has been approved by Dan .
 This draft reflects the changes we discussed during our call the other day .
 The L.I.T is so close to Moyross, yet again the ppl who talk sh*t about Moyross still go there .
 As I have told RNR, I think we should advise Duke in writing that its IP is not in conformity with the contract, sinceit is in the alternative, and that our IP is hence the only one that will be before the arbitrators (since Duke clearly cannot change it's ineffective IP at this stage, having already seen ours) .
 Unreported by the international media, the Valley of Kashmir has seen an ethnic and cultural genocide that has resulted in the fleeing from the valley of almost all the Hindu families who have been living there since human habitation was first recorded .
 extend the time he is out each day, but for the first month, always put him in his room at night, so he feels safe to sleep .
 John Lennon's divorce followed, as well as his entering the world of black magic, as deeply as to buy the apartment. where the "Rosemary's baby" had been filmed, previous property of Roman Polansky, and in that same apartment John Lennon had a room upholstered with black silk where he used to do his black magic operations .
 THEN put the eggs in water treated a couple of days before with a water treatment and left open to "breathe" .
 Among the animals that were available to touch were pony's, camels and EVEN AN OSTRICH!! !
 "The black race is the people through which the devil has always been able to bring evil unto the earth," Jeffs has said as cited by the Southern Poverty Law Center's "Intelligence Report. "
 I will attach the letter explaining the benefit we are sponsoring .
 We got to talking and he got me set up and I test drove with Craig and I fell head over heels for this car all I kept saying, " was I gotta have it! "
 In the three years I have been here, I am unaware of an ENA/ECT bad faith claim against any insurance company .
 I have my paralegal gathering the pleadings Enron requested .
 Please use this new file as opposed to the one I sent earlier .
 Much of the violence aimed at American forces is coming from disgruntled Sunni factions that have their own militias, believe the last elections were a sham, and hold little political power in the government .
 I understand that we are still reviewing the attachment that lists the open transactions .
 Also, please pass this along to everyone you know, and all of your email contacts .
 However, New Orleans also had many affluent people, people who left town early as they had the means .
 Fill in the subject, this will be the header that everyone sees as they scroll through the list of postings in a particular group, click the post message button .
 62 - Percentage of gas masks that army investigators discovered did Not work properly in autumn 2002 .
 President George W Bush, who has cut his holiday two days short, has called on Americans to donate to the Red Cross or other organisations .
 Will be staying here any and every time I come anywhere near .
 They are and always will be the nicest people in Sicily that you will meet .
 When you come to ncfa you will see a real instructor that teaches and trains everyday !
 Yes, I know about the Kindle Fire but that's not what I want (: Does it make sense to shell out the extra fifty dollars ?
 My dental surgeon, Dr. Lucy Nichols is clearly a dental perfectionist and clearly proud both of the work she does and the reputation she has established .
 Perhaps Jim Armogida can assist in revising them as I am sure he is more familiar with the way Enron Corp. likes their resolutions drafted than we are .
 8 - Number of members of the US Senate and House of Representatives who have a child serving in the military .
 The term renaissance is in essence a modern one that came into currency in the 19th century, in the work of historians such as Jacob Burckhardt .
 If you have kids, this would be something that they would definitely enjoy .
 Also depends on the space you have, how much time you can handle the pet, how much money you can spend, etc .
 (Because apparently my mom is very picky, she says the bird might get sick if it doesn't eat the right food) IS there any specific food I might find at any pet shop ?
 The Leads who are responsible for Associates are as follows :
 I was amazed at the spiel they delivered .
 I have attempted to incorporate the changes that Jim has incorporated in our long form power agreement which ENA has suggested to date into the short form .
 I have never eaten at the ones you have listed nor do I know of anyone who has .
 That's kind of the way it goes..lol .
 This is the only place I have ever eaten and been told to leave because other people were waiting .
 There are other places with food just as good with management that values customers and employees much more .
 This tug-of-war over calculating economic values is the one that ultimately will have to be decided by humans, because animals and plants can adjust only so much .
 11 - Number of press conferences during his first three years in office in which Bush referred to questions as being "trick" ones .
 The important commercial species that probably would benefit from warming include cod, haddock, saithe, herring, blue whiting and several types of flatfish and crustaceans -- such as the Norway lobster .
 My question is does that mean it gives him not only the heat, but the "sun rays" he needs ?
 A Spanish refugee, ANTONIO PEREZ, visited England in 1593 and became acquainted with Francis & ANTHONY Bacon, with whom for a time he seems to have been on terms of intimacy, which did not last very long, for the Spaniard developed so much affectation & bombast that he became unpopular in Court circles .
 10 - Number of fellow members from the Yale secret society Skull and Bones that Bush has named to important positions (including the Associate Attorney General Robert McCallum Jr. and SEC chief Bill Donaldson) .
 We loved most of the locations that both of the ships visited and don't believe that this should be a distinguishing factor on deciding between the cruise lines .
 Not only was it a good cut but my wife and friends comment on my hair every time I leave...saying it's the best look I've ever had .
 These are the kids who will destroy society, because of the crapfest the American family has become under the post hippie culture, you heard again .
 $5m - Amount a 1996 federal commission was given to study legalised gambling .
 as an example they took payment for 5 out of 6 monthly plan premiums for a yearly policy and cancelled the contract for the remainder of the policy for reasons they stated was not receiving information on other licensed drivers in the household  ?
 I rrly seek the cehf out to introduce myself-- but the second time we went-- i made a point of asking our wait person to introduce my friend and myself to the chef to tell him just how good our meals were .
 I have a western pleasure appy thats really heavy on her left lead at the lope ?
 87 - Percentage of American families in April 2004 who say they have felt no benefit from Bush's tax cuts .
 This email and any files transmitted with it from the ElPaso Corporation are confidential and intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they are addressed .
 Article 6 of the Gallup Compression Services Agreement (which I am sending to you separately) with ECS obligates ECS to "work in good faith with CDEC" to establish an automated system that would automatically have alerted us to peak loading conditions on CDEC's system .
 Survivors are being found all the time, including two children who lost their parents .
 My overall impression was that he didn't seem as interested in the campaign as the other people who were working at the state headquarters .
 "They (electricity generators) grinned and beared the $750 price cap, but this new plan by ISO was too much," said Dunn, whose committee has been investigating since March .
 One has to wonder whether the bright fellows in our government and military who set up the deals with these people don't know what they are, don't care, or know perfectly well .
 <<"Well then," said Don Quixote, "the same thing happens in the comedy and life of this world, where some play emperors, others popes, and, in short, all the characters that can be brought into a play; but when it is over, that is to say when life ends, death strips them all of the garments that distinguish one from the other, and all are equal in the grave. "
 By the second half of the year, you will finally feel welcome relief from the tight financial binds that have hindered you over the past two years .
 Free of polution, free of oil dependency, and free of big business that is bleeding us dry for the short term good (theirs) .
 Attached are an original and blacklined copy of your form of guaranty, which reflect our comments .
 I've never met a hamster that didn't bite me .
 All the outside participants will be prompted to enter their access code, which is 600-480 .
 You have two screws that attach the sight to the wang .
 Do you raid a mosque, which serves as a terrorist ammunition storage ?
 This email may contain material that is confidential, privileged and/or attorney work product for the sole use of the intended recipient(s) .
 The Spanish story will surely end up being extremely costly to other European countries, including France, who is now expelling inciting preachers and forbidding veils and including others who sent troops to Iraq .
 They want a program that will be a success," Johnson-Freese said .
 Carnival and Royal Caribbean are two popular cruise lines that have strong followings .
 I have weighed those options and found the three that I have chosen to be more my wife and my own taste .
 1561 Last time castling was 2 separate moves .
 I have a basking spot lamp that says it is a double reflector that focuses 35% more light/heat and provides beneficial UVA rays important to the psycholical well-being of him .
 I spent $2300 on the bedroom suite, which was complete and excellent condition on the showroom floor .
 It's always a bang-your-head-against-the-wall moment, reading again the play the incompetence theory receives, even from some of the Administration's harshest mainstream critics .
 The reported finding at Dugway undermines the argument of both the "bomb Iraq" crowd and the liberals focused on Dr. Steve Hatfill who object to US biodefense research because they view it as being useful for offensive purposes .
 I will not eat halal meat, so guess what, I opted for foods which weren't a meat dish, there were plenty of other options .
 Over nine dozen temples that had served the Hindu population have been destroyed, with some used as building material and others as urinals .
 I have recently been made aware of a help desk analyst job#0000108806 that has become available in your department .
 There still is a very hot pursuit of the "Atta-level" Floridian, Adnan El Shukrijumah, who Siddiqui is thought to have known and been assisting .
 This was heavily promoted by the Australasian Radiation Protection Society in a press release titled THE MYTHS OF CHERNOBYL which contained the following :
 I would rate Fran pcs an A+ because the price was lower than everyone else, i got my computer back the next day, and the professionalism he showed was great .
 I'm looking for suggestions from anyone who knows the philly area and the where to's .
 (Since the Declaration is written as coming from “religious leaders,” people who don’t consider themselves “religious leaders” can sign as “Supporters of the North Carolina Religious Coalition for Marriage Equality.” )
 its for a craft project.....i want to use it the way u would use icing... .
 $3,500 - Reward a group of veterans offered in 2000 for anyone who could confirm Bush's Alabama guard service .
 (Apart from the wire flooring which i am going to cover) Which of these two cages is better :
 I am writing you in absolute confidence primarily to seek your assistance in acquiring oil funds that are presently trapped in the republic of Iraq .
 Auto Towing is one of the best towing services I have used .
 I had my wedding luncheon at this BJs restaurant, and it was one of the best choices that I made .
 Meanwhile, every pocket that can be lined is golden and the poor are shunted off radar yet again .
 Every time we go they seem to have a different ingredient or two which keeps things interesting .
 If you think of anything else I can do to strengthen my overall application file for next year, please let me know .
 These animals have the misfortune to produce a substance that is useful in the manufacture of perfume .
 It is easy to note the uneasiness of McCartney when he sings: "I've got a feeling, a feeling I can't hide..." in front of Yoko in the film .
 Took me a little longer to review and revise Adam's first drafts than I had thought (there's a lot going on here, as you'll see soon) .
 I bought about half of the furniture I own from this place .
 11 - Percentage of American young adults who cannot find the United States on a map .
 If so go for it and I'll give you all the moral support I can as you figure out what is up .
 It should not be left in the hands of a man who spent his life like this .
 Saddam killed every month more people than all those who died from suicide murders since the Coalition occupation of Iraq .
 I have been extremely pleased with the signs and pop-up banners she has supplied to me over the years - a truly first class family business run by Tina and her husband Chris .
 The next time you feel like being condescending to someone, it is not going to be me!!!!! !
 That sounds like a BS excuse from ECS, but it that's what they are saying, let me know and we can figure out a solution .
 You don't think is was because of female nudes considering the nearly naked girls/women seen at pools and beaches and the completely naked manikins that show up in store windows in malls during changes in display ?
 The last time I did that I was suggested to buy oblivion when I told them I was looking for a fps .
 On the other hand, a certain transition democracy, as in Jordan, may be a better temporary solution, paving the way for the real thing, perhaps in the same way that an immediate sudden democracy did not work in Russia and would not have worked in China .
 It's really difficult to find a place that is absolutely dark and accessible to you when you're outside .
 85 - Percentage of American young adults who cannot find Afghanistan, Iraq, or Israel on a map .
 It looks like NASA is ready to sour again after it's devastating loss from the Columbia accident which occurred nearly two years ago .
 I read the Civet Cat story from a little while ago, and tonight, when my Mom emailed me about it, I re-read it, and went to the website with the song the author of the email created .
 37 - Death toll of US soldiers in Iraq in May 2003, the month combat operations "officially" ended .
 At some point, I'd like to talk about the diversification strategy in more detail -- perhaps over dinner or a quick meeting after the markets close ?
 UVB will always be a separate bulb from the heat lamp, unless you use a MVB (mercury vapor bulb) which is the only reptile use bulb that will emit both UVB and heat from one bulb .
 Beats having one "cleaning lady" who took twice as long and did not do a very through job like the "maids" did !
 Evidently, this a problem that Stacey White has been aware of for a couple of months now .
 I could not go to their country and demand they slaughter and sell an animal as meat the way I prefer to eat it .
 Overall, Joe is a happy camper who has found a great spot .
 His military intelligence has captured major figures like Abu Zubayda and Khalid Shaykh Muhammad, as well as nearly 500 other al-Qaeda operatives, over 400 of whom the Pakistanis have turned over to the US .
 The people rejected their attempt to topple the government, and for all intents and purposes the US military (and the ARVN) handed Johnson the victory he had ordered them to achieve within the time-frame he ordered it .
 We have received the amendment to the BC Gas ISDA Master executed by BC Gas, which adds the Canadian Securities Representation, so we don't have to add the rep into every confirm .
 Aside from that little *mystery*, one of the sales ladies was quite comfortable telling me how wrong I was about how another dress that I loved compared to one of her dresses that I was trying on .
 I believe that there might be a sign-flipping problem for PUTS that 's causing this whole issue .
 Simultaneously, New Delhi would ensure a degree of autonomy for the state that would help cut popular support off from jihadis attempting to convert Kashmir into a second Afghanistan .
 There is a very good book on the subject that was written by General Vo Nguyen Giap .
 The bombings implicated Muslims, and exacerbated regional tensions which the Bush regime and its friends wearing the brass in the Philippine military sought to exploit .
 President Bush has always said that working for Blount was the reason he transferred to the Alabama Air National Guard .
 I want a bird that I can hold and do tricks .
 0 - Number of times Bush mentioned Osama bin Laden in his three State of the Union addresses .
 I don't want to waste my time on routes set for children, but I don't want to take on something I can't handle just to strain myself to exhaustion .
 Somehow, since she supposedly doesn't know any names of designers/dresses, after I told her the designer and dress name of the one I was comparing, she knew "exactly which dress" I was referring to and disagreed with my observation; she said that the bodice did come as low as the one I had on .
 "Some sections of the city which are dry now could see nine or 10 feet (some 3m) of water," he said .
 And between the time I began my research and the time I applied, the minimum score did change once .
 With regard to a global message, I think that one of the key points around fundamental operating standards are that they are intended to be global in nature, applied to every commodity and every location where we engage in trading activities .
 The centre of the falls is known locally as ‘Garganta Del Diablo’ (The Devil’s Throat), where the huge volume of water sends a constant mist of spray into the air .
 As you look at this, if for some reason we cannot obtain ElPaso ROW, we will have to look at Plan B which would be to put the metering on our ROW .
 It has to be one of the nicest pubs that i have been into in a long time, the decor is nice and it has a really nice garden and a lovely decking area .
 An early September 2003 Newsweek article included a rumor by a Taliban source that at a meeting in April 2003 Bin Laden was planning an "unbelievable" biological attack, the plans for which had suffered a setback upon the arrest of Khalid Shaikh Mohammed ("KSM") .
 I saw a site that charges $0.70 per mile .
 Whether they pay me or not, if their parents get into an accident, stuck in traffic, etc. THE LAST THING I WOULD DO IS LET A CHILD GET RAPED BECAUSE I WASN'T PAID .
 The nearest towns to the site are Puerto Iguazu in Argentina, about 12 miles from the falls, and Foz do Iguaçu in Brazil, which is equally close .
 I did the same thing that you did for christmas .
 50- Percentage of screened workers at Ground Zero who now suffer from long-term health problems, almost half of whom don't have health insurance .
 Had a horrible experience with a manager here, Rachel McInnis, she was rude, inconsiderate and did not do the right thing for an item that was marked incorrectly.. .
 Incitement by Arab TV, accompanied by horror pictures of mutilated bodies, has become a powerful weapon of those who lie, distort and want to destroy everything .
 GCP procedure is to create Counterparty names that reflect either the Tradename / Division name or Parent Name -- not both simultaneously .
 And this has already drawn protests from the Tamil National Alliance (TNA) which was backed by the LTTE in the April general elections held in Sri Lanka .
 22,600 - Number of planes carrying unscreened cargo that fly into New York each month .
 This is by far the BEST B&B that we have ever stayed at !
 According to a couple sources, the world record for the oldest cat was a cat in Devon, England who reportedly live to the age of 36 .
 Problem is, for some reason, the visa process took longer than it should, thus I missed school this semester (visa was issued to me about 25 days after school started so I couldn't attend), now I no longer want to go into that school (because they only would accept me again on September of 2012), I found a school that accepted me for may 2012, can I use the same visa that was issued to me ?
 David is the most helpful and creative photographer that I have used .
 That's still the domain of those who don't .
 Well, unless of course the third compressor he put in the car goes out .
 In the meantime, could you please provide a contact on your side with whom we could discuss technical issues ?
 The result will be a dramatic escalation in US and civilian casualties, US forces will be required to bunker themselves further into their bases, and US forces will find themselves required to fight the very government they just finished helping into power .
 The best there is in service .
 85 - Percentage of Americans who can't Name the Chief Justice of the United States .
 It is a bustling place where separate parties are seated at the same table (as in many European cafes), but if you are OK with that, the food is very good .
 Your cycle of learning through the school of hard knocks has come to an end, Gemini, and now you're going to start reaping the rewards these "lessons" have left in their wake .
 (He already had the traumas that his previous girlfriend Jane Asher had caused him when she made him aware of his little manliness and effeminate manners) .
 They sent over someone who said he knows nothing about curtains and could not show me fabric options or give an estimate .
 Those who are not assigned an associate may also allocate points (a max of 150) at the meeting based on contribution to your areas for the first review period .
 The name started as a joke boasting about the amount of information the search-engine would be able to search .
 I have many friends that have laptops bought in the UK that use them her e
 Another thing that can cause a king snake to stop eating is shedding .
 The mysterious RAPHAEL Holinshed was named for the mysterious Neoplatonic Italian painter RAPHAEL Sanzio who painted _St.George Fighting the Dragon_ (1504-06 )
 0 - Number of principal civilian or Pentagon staff members who planned the war who have immediate family members serving in uniform in Iraq .
 The only reason I switched away from them in the first place is because my good friend who apprenticed with them was starting out on his own .
 Dave is a patient and methodical teacher, who has a great ear and sensitivity for his students' passion and the direction they want their lessons to take .
 Sara, here are the trader guidelines I developed for UK gas, UK power and Nordic power .
 The One Reason Why All Americans Should Oppose The Nomination Of Samuel Alit o
 (c) Are you happy with the draft letter to Beachcrofts I sent you ?
 This is one of the worst places I have stayed, we cut out stay short and went to the Mulberry .
 I shall invite some people who work on electricity in my group to join me .
 He was less than half of the price of the cheapest quote we got, and his work was top notch .
 Yes, we had to wait, but ER is a triage system that takes the most life threatening cases first .
 To my friend, thank you for your recommendation... you were true to your words in saying Gerry is a "Saintly Instructor ...Absolutely Simple the Best Instructor and Best Driving school there is !
 I'm getting a dwarf Hamster tomorrow And i was just talking to my Mom and she said that we have to take out the wheel at night because it would disturb her sleep But i told her no because i said their energetic at night at my room is right next door to hers But i heard their are wheels that dont make noise at all what would be the price of it ?
 Correspondents who flocked in to cover the tsunami found they also had another story - the miserable security situation surrounding the Indian navy's Far Eastern Naval Command, now being established along with India's "blue water navy" .
 $205m - Amount Enron CEO Kenneth Lay earned from stock option profits over a four-year period .
 It was Khalid Mohammed who told authorities about Aafia Siddiqui, who has a PhD from Brandeis in neurology .
 as far as pre order go to and they have a list of major retailers that carry it there are also a few websites that you could order it off of .
 On the other, restrictions should be lifted on the mainstream Muslim League-N and Pakistan People's Party, who can defeat the MMA in fair elections if not hogtied by the secret police .
 2 - Percentage of the world's population that is British .
 If I wait, would the tours I find there for less money be the same quality type tours ?
 At the same time, the devil acted through his other main puppets with "Sympathy for the devil" that was when the pact of the Rolling Stones with Satan took the life of the founder of the group, the guitarist Brian Jones (who refused to be a puppet of the devil), murdered by people sent by Mick Jagger, another assassin .
 your male is hurting her to put her in her place - biting her scruff is dominance and biting the belly is a move cats use when hunting - to pull the guts out of their prey .
 I am a music junkie that grew up in the 80's, and my dad worked for a record label in the 1960's .
