 Hamill's schedule included a panel with Kevin Conroy, the voice of Batman in Batman: The Animated Series, in which the Star Wars lead played the Joker .
 But at the other end of the scale we've got to make sure the people who eat a lot of food - we all know the teenage boy who comes home from school and eats a whole loaf of bread - that those people don't get too much and get overdose," Ms Bauchtman said .
 Because I want someone who's going to treat people nicely and well .
 And as I walked by the shallow crystal stream I saw unwonted ripples tipped with yellow light, as if those placid waters were drawn on in resistless currents to strange oceans that are not in the world .
 He wanted me to do the job, so he offered to take some of the monetary burden off my back, so that I could do it for the agreed amounts that we were gonna do it on .
 Once we figured out what it was, we played a lot of manuscript email tag, which can be challenging and time consuming given the differing schedules that folks keep in terms of travel, field work, etc .
 Each p- scientist has their, their field of um, expertise, and if they're gonna go, if they're gonna stretch out far enough into the — the unknown where they can find something new, they have to do it in a straight line .
 It suggested a talent for daily organization that filled Carroll's heart with admiration and lust .
 Can you recite a stanza that expresses how you feel right now ?
 The accident, which occurred yesterday afternoon, was caused by strong winds and heavy rain that led the crane to fall .
 Mof-Ávvi is a peninsula bordered by the Casamance River to the north, which separates it from the Jóola Búluf and Jóola Fogny areas, and to the east by the villages Brin and Djibonker, where the speakers of Kujireray and Baïnounk Gubëeher live .
 In the past nine months, we have witnessed momentous changes in the Arab world that nobody expected when we met one year ago .
 Example of aerated concrete, which provided a home for the subjects .
 The reason I'm taking it like this early is because I have my med school class at two to four thirty, so we have three hours 45 minutes to take it .
 So down here is basically where I keep everything that I can't really keep in my room, because there's not enough space .
 In addition, students participating in the interview reported a preference for games that involve problem solving, recognize the need to plan actions in relation to their importance for the game and for daily activities, and realize improvements in the ability to sustain attention .
 I felt horrible doing that on that eye dog that he had in here last week, under whatever night it was .
 It introduces errors in the processing of geometries, manipulating the result of the operations that carry out the verification of different topological restrictions between geometries, such as intersects, covers or overlap .
 These are the things I've gotten done, so I got this done, this done, this done .
 That's what I'm talking about .
 I have another styler as well, which is a gel .
 We have two chairs where we can sit down and sort of enjoy the weather when it is a little bit better, um but now it's really cold so just gonna close it .
 Many would agree that the question “what makes an artwork beautiful” plays a minor role in contemporary aesthetics and philosophy of art, where the question has been updated to “what makes an artwork meaningful or valuable? ”
 Savage's readers voted to define santorum as; "the frothy mixture of lube and fecal matter that is sometimes the byproduct of anal sex. "
 The result indicates significant improvement in the performance of the sustained attention in the test, as well as a high dispersion, which reveals a variation in relation to the performance .
 Pack a separate box of essentials you may need for the first night at your new house .
 psychologists have examined the mental processes that underpin conscious and unconscious biases [6] ;
 Most of the, uh, contractors here in town, that are independents like Mitchell, don't know how to do prevailing wage statements .
 In our experimental setup, we attempted to more closely mimic non-avian theropod tail morphology, in which mass is distributed through a distally tapering tail .
 These operators reproduce programming errors that are litely to occur during the development of this type of applications .
 And also, I'm very proud to say that I have actually gone back to therapy, which is something that I haven't done since — I mean the last time I was in therapy, almost I was like 20 .
 The Galileo and Ulysses spacecraft carried dust detectors onboard that Eberhard Gruen and his colleagues used to first detect and them measure the flux of interstellar dust particles streaming into the solar system .
 We hire the opposite of what you'd think we would hire, what the average person would think we would hire .
 Open Educational Resources (OER) are teaching, learning, and research materials in any medium that reside in the public domain or have been released under an open license that permits their free use and re-purposing by others .
 Islands in the archipelago listed in east to west order; note that there are many more islands and islets in the area, but these are the ones with ferry traffic that are possible to visit without making special arrangements .
 The brain then processes this information and uses the relevant pieces to create thoughts, which can then be expressed through language or stored in memory for future use .
 The only way to get at what's different is to make comparisons with close relatives .
 These work only on a single line of sight, so you need to know the exact path the mice are taking .
 I'm going to Saxby's right after to just do all the work I need to do for the day, so yeah .
 some fine old farm houses which the remaining population does a commendable job trying to maintain, since many of them are now empty and the rest used as vacation home for "Danish foreigners" .
 A second aspect is the parts or hours of the day the Paralympics will be shown .
 In Spanish poetry, the syntactic configurations under which enjambment takes place have been described extensively, and detailed studies on the use of enjambment by individual authors exist (see Martínez Cantón, 2011 for an overview) including, among others Quilis (1964), Domínguez Caparrós, (2000), Paraíso, (2000), Spang (1983) for a description of enjambment, and Alarcos (1966), Senabre (1982), Luján (2006), Martínez Fernández (2010) for case-studies on a single author .
 Make sure it’s a target your audience will be interested in and something they’re likely willing to laugh at. [2 ]
 All these decisions and actions are designed to limit the spread of any sporadic COVID-19 cases that might arrive in New Zealand .
 Now that the world is in the age where lighting seems to be a daily necessity, typical homes as shown in figure 1, consume nearly 27 percent of the energy used today: making lighting as the major source of electricity consumption .
 And olive oil works fine if it's all that's left in the pantry .
 Pierre Charles L'Enfant (French: [pjɛʁ ʃɑʁl lɑ̃fɑ̃]; August 2, 1754 – June 14, 1825), self-identified as Peter Charles L'Enfant while living in the United States, was a French-born American military engineer who designed the basic plan for Washington, D.C. (capital city of the U.S.) known today as the L'Enfant Plan (1791) .
 I just filmed my like portion of a main channel video that was outside, that was really fun .
 In response to the said problem, this project study gives solution to the problem of the society concerning environment, health and safety as well energy conservation, by developing a segmented compact light-emitting diode (SCLED) bulb from busted CFL that are efficient, economical, and does not contain toxic chemicals .
 It was the Olmec who worshipped a rain god, a maize god, and the feathered serpent so important in the future pantheons of the Aztecs (who called him Quetzalcoatl) and the Maya (to whom he was Kukulkan) .
 Mutation-based testing [1] is a test technique that involves artificially introducing errors into a System Under Test (SUT) .
 As undergoing a pilgrimage to Mecca is a mandatory religious duty for all Muslims who physically and financially can, millions of pilgrims arrive in Mecca each year for the Hajj .
 We are now in the second medium term plan cycle (2013 - 2017) whose theme is “Transforming Kenya: Pathways to Devolution, Socio-economic Development, Equity and National Unity” .
 It's the first week that I've been actually able to say the words" I'm pregnant" and have it not feel really weird .
 For optimal comparability, we studied the exact same conversational environment across languages: that of other-initiated repair (OIR), in which one participant produces a turn at talk, the other then signals some trouble with this turn, and finally the first produces a next turn which aims to solve the trouble, usually by means of repetition and/or modification .
 Well, well, all we did — I can't do that, cause all we did was, I was in here and put a bandage on .
 And there is another topic which is very important in mathematics which is called representation theory .
 Although I am sure that being there would enhance my understanding of the animals and the system in which they live, and would help me formulate more and better questions about the anemones, ship time is expensive, especially in Antarctica, and if there are biologists whose contribution is predicated on being there, they should have priority to be there .
 Globe and Greek basil are much more difficult to grow, but form pretty little bushes which stay well-contained .
 To find anyone still proud, anyone who believed in giants or shame, was hilarious .
 A mean cost per student criterion is used to tax only the schools that receive a fee higher than the mean cost per student fixed by the State .
 This pattern holds true for many workers, including assembly line laborers who build cars, stylists who cut hair, and doctors who perform heart surgery .
 We describe the process for applying the operators and generating mutants, and present a case study where these mutation operators are applied to two real-world applications .
 The archipelago trail (da: Øhavsstien) is a 220 km hiking trail connected by ferries that circles the entire area .
 The actual author is Johann Valentin Andreae, whose name didn’t appear on the book originally, thus ensuring the confusion .
 Nevertheless, her initial efforts at writing fiction were in the form of a short story, a form to which she would remain true .
 I mean that's the thing I thought of too .
 Was that the one where you were the captain of the team, in 2005 ?
 An exchange student from China might be annoyed by the constant interruptions in class as other students ask questions—a practice that is considered rude in China .
 The document which had the stamp Protected B on every page detailed various security vulnerabilities of the NEMISIS database which is used by officers to track and prosecute environmental law-breakers .
 Things You'll Nee d
 The big hit of the evening, Wikinews observed from the long line, was the Polaroid-room where attendees could wear a Warhol-like wig or don crazy glasses and have their own Polaroid taken .
 I compared the things I saw under the 'scopes to what had been published on other species in this group .
 We have to build the noble mansion of free India where all her children may dwell .
 Listen up, kids: You'll be working with a solution that's near a 12 on the pH scale .
 But now I had to get ready to go with him to the lion fountain, where most of the others were gathered .
 Most notable among the city's facelift projects are the Unification of Archaeological Sites - which connects the city's classical - era ruins and monuments to each other through a network of pleasant pedestrianized streets - and the restoration of the picturesque neoclassical Thissio and Pláka districts .
 "I think Siri died, they scooped him out and threw him away and you're some whole other kid that just, just grew back out of what was left .
 His initiation took place on April 17, 1789, at Holland Lodge No. 8, F&AM, which the Grand Lodge of New York F&AM had chartered in 1787 .
 I regret deeply any injuries that may have been done in the course of the events that led to this decision .
 In May, Maxime Bernier was forced to resign as Foreign Affairs minister after it became known that he left sensitive documents at the apartment of his then-girlfriend Julie Couillard who had ties to the Hells Angels biker gang .
 Here's what we know .
 Socotra takes pride in their eco-tourism and values their spectacular plant and wildlife that may sometimes be only found on this island .
 In the background, shining, is Renata, who is young and healthy and good, raising her arm to show her grandmother that the chip is nothing, nothing at all .
 The local rum distilleries offer tours (check for opening times as they may very from season to season) which are certainly worth the while since rum production is a very integral part of Guadeloupe's economy .
 I try to say it every time as if it was the first time I said it .
 I've got an app called" what to expect", put in my, you know, cycle situation and have an estimated due date, which is about mid-September .
 Zenghelis described her as the most outstanding pupil he ever taught .
 And — and uh, you know, I think, I think that, one of the reasons that there's been no focus is because, oh, everybody accepted the scientific method as the best tool that we have, and was kinda letting the scientific method be the — be the leader .
 Flowers blooming create a hormone change which dramatically reduces the flavor of the leaves, as well as reducing the amount of foliage which grows .
 And also I feel like it's a word meant to like, oppress people, particularly women, but I've just been having a hard time with the way I look .
 Those few TwenCen relics who still believed in God also held that one shouldn't try to improve upon His handiwork .
 In April 1864, Southern forces attempted to take Fort Pillow in Tennessee from the Union forces that had captured it in 1862 .
 The model does not include the effect of rising carbon dioxide concentration, which has complex and potentially offsetting impacts on global food supply .
 The content of these sessions should enable them to provide services to researchers and students, identify remaining gaps in knowledge or skills that they could address by self-directed learning and (perhaps) to automate their daily library work .
 In Tyler’s mind he could see her face grow taut, lose color, and then, for the only time he could remember, she began to cry .
 Several of her trademark themes appear; for example, the triangular relationship among a lonely, beautiful, young woman who has lost her parents, a handsome man who has abandoned her (and remains in the background), and a lonely and desperate ragamuffin who falls in love with her .
 There's Jeff [Drake], who is behind the camera .
 In her opening remarks for attendees, Waters pointed out those features to attendees, noting the touches of the Warhol Factory, or the studio where he worked, that were present around them .
 We don’t actually know what we’re doing, but here is my wand .
 Realism regards artistic beauty as a property of artworks which is independent of the subject, while non-realism holds that artistic beauty is not an independent property of artworks .
 The Hegelian definition of aesthetics as the philosophy of art that considers the issue of artistic beauty as its core concern is no more enchanting in our time .
 And then the Chardonnay-Pinot Noir, it is a blended wine of 60% Chardonnay and 40% Pinot Noir, so it's more like a dry rosé style of wine with lots of strawberry flavors, hints of yellow apple, and it's 2018 vintage, which is unwooded .
 We hypothesized that the children, who were over the age of six at the time of collection, would have adult-like SI interpretations .
 As the home of modern day air travel and the 747, which has gracefully transported shuttles for the last 30 years, Seattle would have been a perfect fit .
 The Osage Trail is a rails-to-trails route that begins at the OSU-Tulsa campus and travels north 15 miles to Skiatook .
 "This was a very difficult decision, but one that was made with the American public in mind .
 Paralympic sport brings attention to athletes who are typically overlooked in American society because the majority of the population does not want to identify with people who are disabled .
 Virtually any other combination you can think of !
 I don’t want to call my dad who is probably with Joyce, his girlfriend, anyway .
 If this is a solo jump, which constitutes the minority of skydivers, your only recourse is to ensure that at least one of your own chutes opens .
 On 2 June, Évariste Galois was buried in a common grave of the Montparnasse Cemetery whose exact location is unknown. [17] [15 ]
 When NASA launched the Hubble Space Telescope in 1990, we were able to see the stars unobstructed by the Earth’s atmosphere and understand the universe in ways we could have never imagined even a few decades earlier .
 This may be an attempt to play dead, discouraging predators that prefer live prey .
 The population of Łódź soared from some 4,000 people in the 1830s and 40,000 in 1865 to over 300,000 inhabitants at the turn of the century, which was an unprecedented growth on a worldwide scale .
 The main entry points are Svendborg which is easily reach both by highway, bus and train - and Faaborg, which is best reached by bus from Odense .
 You should have heard him, the night we took him to the emergency room .
 Theres [sic] something in the hilarious anarchy of the net that produces these 'events' every now and again. "
 Objects or donations should be placed in front of a monk so he can pick it up, or place it on a special cloth he carries with him .
 To the family of George Floyd that came here when the bill was being reviewed by your committee, Mr Chairman – you remember that day .
 So if we go to the pregnant woman, she doesn't get enough iodine, she won't make enough thyroid hormone, and the foetus won't get the amount of thyroid hormone it needs for adequate and proper development of the brain, so you'll then see consequences being loss of IQ, learning difficulties, hearing difficulties and other neurological problems," Professor Eastman said .
 Interestingly, Ruse’s methodological naturalism leads him to embrace a view that goes against the metaphysical naturalist position that moral facts exist .
 Throughout the long and difficult period of Watergate, I have felt it was my duty to persevere, to make every possible effort to complete the term of office to which you elected me .
 And double-aught and aught, are the ones that are most popular .
 It was one of the worst World Cups we've played actually .
 I said, first of all, that I believed in America where work was available to those who were willing and able to work, where the waste of idle men and machines could be avoided, and where greater economic growth could provide the new jobs and the new markets that our growing Nation needed .
 It is a number that separates ordered data into halves .
 When was the last time you saw a Chevrolet in Tokyo ?
 It was not until about 170 years later, in 1896 that an Italian doctor discovered a less painful method which is still in use today .
 So these are the type of wine that you can enjoy on their own and also with your light meals, because they are made to open now, drink now wines .
 So I'm going to do what I can and then maybe finish like one or two more lectures and then I will start taking a look at chem .
 I would challenge anyone not to feel hopeful today after listening to Amanda Gorman, the amazing 22–year-old poet, wise far beyond her years, who told us that :
 Seventy-five percent of our people wanted to have witnesses because that was their understanding of what a trial is, not just argument at the beginning and argument at the end, but evidence for jurors who have pledged to be impartial to consider .
 So, you said that you had an outro that you've been practicing ?
 Some individuals reported that when they are able to reach the site, all they get is a message stating, "The word scientology means search for truth ..." .
 I am also proud of the House managers, as all of my colleagues on the Democratic side of the aisle are proud of our managers who made their case .
 Furthermore, before and after the implementation of the intervention, we performed a D2 Test of attention that measures selective and sustained attention, as well as visual scanning accuracy and speed .
 In all the decisions I have made in my public life, I have always tried to do what was best for the Nation .
 The city maintains several tourist information offices, all of which can offer helpful information on accommodation, free maps, and bus connections .
 I didn't know what that was but it's um a society for um like bird watching and bird care and um they had a shirt that said bird nerd on it so I bought it because I thought it was funny .
 The memory that had caused him such pain over the years could not possibly have occurred .
 What’s funny to a group of 20-year old college students may be very different from what makes your 70-year old-uncle laugh (then again, maybe not) .
 The fact that he had caused someone who loved him such pain with so little effort and understanding troubled him deeply .
 Ozone is something that we understand the causes of, and the steps that need to be taken to improve air quality. "
 So ultimately I decided that eHow's model would not build the resource I envisioned .
 All of us, to whatever religion we may belong, are equally the children of India with equal rights, privileges and obligations .
 And when I saw that the reef was but the black basalt crown of a shocking eikon whose monstrous forehead now shown in the dim moonlight and whose vile hooves must paw the hellish ooze miles below, I shrieked and shrieked lest the hidden face rise above the waters, and lest the hidden eyes look at me after the slinking away of that leering and treacherous yellow moon .
 Set within lush gardens which are free to roam if you don't want to go inside the building .
 Imagine having detailed step-by-step instructions on how to do any activity you could imagine .
 I launched LibriVox, emailed some friends and some podcasters who where doing literary stuff, and invited them to record a chapter of Joseph Conrad's Secret Agent .
 But the arrogant person is usually more than happy to show their cruel side to those that they don't like .
 In FrameNet, words are described in terms of the frames they evoke .
 By the time we get to the car, though, Cara’s wheezing .
 The map of the world shows the different forms of government that currently exist .
 Some jokes also have what is called a tag or topper, which is an additional punchline .
 They literally arrived on my doorstep the day before we left for the trip because I needed some new hiking shoes, and these have been absolutely the best hiking shoes I've ever owned .
 Temescal is a neighborhood that lies north-northwest from Downtown, centered along the reach of Telegraph Avenue, at and near 51st Street .
 Later, we capture information about the methods of the SUT to be mutated, together with the information of the mutation operators that were already defined .
 This is the 37th time I have spoken to you from this office, where so many decisions have been made that shaped the history of this Nation .
 The 30th anniversary of the first shuttle mission coincided with the 50th anniversary of the first manned space flight when Yuri Gagarin lifted off aboard Vostok 1 into space .
 Concepts are informed by our semantic memory (you will learn more about semantic memory in a later chapter) and are present in every aspect of our lives; however, one of the easiest places to notice concepts is inside a classroom, where they are discussed explicitly .
 Also, there are other sites, notably podiobooks.com, which are better suited to CC works than LibriVox .
 It is much easier to prepare than rice and is rapidly gaining in popularity, especially among vegetarians who value its high protein levels .
 In contemporary aesthetics, from the study of empathy to Freud’s libido, to the evolutionary theory of beauty, to the focus on perception in aesthetic experience, more and more philosophers seek to answer the question of what makes an artwork beautiful in light of human physiology and psychology .
 In our culture, we have a number of sayings and aphorisms that capture the essence of grit: “If at first you do not succeed, try, try again,” or the famous quote by Thomas Edison: “Genius is one percent inspiration, ninety-nine percent perspiration. ”
 And it is an example of how the scientific endeavor can build upon the international rules and norms that govern our cooperation in space .
 So maybe this is not something that you want to do if you're just going to Portland for a couple of days but it's definitely something to consider if you're going out to Oregon for a little bit longer period of time .
 And what do we call something that you — that you can splish splash ?
 A democracy is a government in which political power—influence over institutions, leaders, and policies—rests in the hands of the people .
 Thus, the time it takes and the ways of visually exploring an artwork can inform about its relevance, interestingness, and even its aesthetic appeal .
 For those of you who are new here and don't know me, my name is Jasmine, and I'm so glad you're here on my channel .
 Late in his life he published Analytic Syntax (1937), in which he presents his views on syntactic structure using an idiosyncratic shorthand notation .
 And then I went to Rotus, who's a seasoned politician, if there ever was one .
 Santorum criticized the response of the press to the phenomenon in a 2011 radio interview, saying, "It's offensive beyond, you know, anything that any public figure or anybody in America should tolerate, and the mainstream media laughs about it. "
 This was followed by a memoir on the theory of the tides, to which, conjointly with the memoirs by Euler and Colin Maclaurin, a prize was awarded by the French Academy: these three memoirs contain all that was done on this subject between the publication of Isaac Newton's Philosophiae Naturalis Principia Mathematica and the investigations of Pierre-Simon Laplace .
 In 1968, he published his theory of Case Grammar (Fillmore 1968), which highlighted the fact that syntactic structure can be predicted by semantic participants .
 Moments like that must make you realize you have touched people who aren't normally touched by poetry .
 And I am glad to be here with Judge Hoffman and Senator Mahady who also run this fall in the State of Pennsylvania .
 You can also push all the buttons as you reach the floor you are getting off at .
 So the first couple days we were in Portland, we went hiking in Forest Park which you can get to by public transit in the city .
 By your gracious cooperation in the transition process, you have shown a watching world that we are a united people pledged to maintaining a political system which guarantees individual liberty to a greater degree than any other, and I thank you and your people for all your help in maintaining the continuity which is the bulwark of our Republic .
 The team used Formica fusca, an ant species that can form thousand-strong colonies .
 Originally buried in the Foreign Quarter, his remains were reinterred at Azov in 1877, with an inscription in German which mistakenly gives his rank as Oberst, Colonel .
 Water landings: if you have successfully attached to a companion whose chute opens, keep in mind that both your arms may be broken or dislocated, and you may be unable to swim or tread water before your chute fills and drags you under .
 We cannot encourage communalism or narrow - mindedness, for no nation can be great whose people are narrow in thought or in action .
 So Erasmus laid the the — laid the egg, which Luther hatched .
 2. An element consists of only one type of atom, which has a mass that is characteristic of the element and is the same for all atoms of that element (Figure 2.2) .
 This is exactly the approach that New Zealand is taking, using three main tools: border controls; self-isolation; and good public health practices, including highlighting the importance of basic hygiene .
 They will not kill mice but they should keep them out of areas where the product is applied .
 She stayed because I held her there by looking at her, the way you can sometimes will a dog into submission .
 At Antioch, where he stayed the longest, two of his companions died and he himself was seriously ill more than once .
 They're, like, the most Italian women you've ever met .
 We we love a boyfriend that supports the YouTube hustle .
 She was outside the building in the gardens, waiting for a photographer she had arranged to shoot her new Epic Mickey costumed character-style outfit .
 However, the main problem of CFL is the mercury they contain .
 It’s this quiet experience where you are trying to soak in what the joke is, have we done anything like this, is it a unique take, what are other people doing .
 This is not the first time deadly stampedes have taken place during the Hajj, with the deadliest stampede during the 1991 Hajj, in which 1,426 pilgrims were trampled .
 In the fifth century BC, Leucippus and Democritus argued that all matter was composed of small, finite particles that they called atomos, a term derived from the Greek word for “indivisible. ”
 The ultimate result of workers who can focus on their preferences and talents, learn to do their specialized jobs better, and work in larger organizations is that society as a whole can produce and consume far more than if each person tried to produce all of his or her own goods and services .
 We can see possibilities no one has ever seen before .
 They don't know what they're doing. "
 Besides works whose copyright has expired, there is an increasing number of modern books available under Creative Commons and similar licenses .
 People who study ballet also retain flexibility throughout their adult lives, making this technique the basis of training for all types of dance .
 “Is there really much more logic in the opposite extreme which denies any kind of sound symbolism (apart from the small class of evident echoisms and ‘onomatopoeia’) and sees in our words only a collection of accidental and irrational associations of sound and meaning? .. .
 DIY Dentistry was just something that had never crossed our horizon before .
 Who d- isn't necessarily inclined to deal with the details that much, who's guiding, those who are willing to sit there .
 Moreau was born in Paris, the daughter of Katherine (née Buckley), a dancer who performed at the Folies Bergère (d. 1990), and Anatole-Désiré Moreau, a restaurateur (d. 1975). [1] [2 ]
 I salute Congresswoman Karen Bass who has been relentless, persistent and absolutely courageous in her leadership on this legislation .
 They don't know what they're doing .
 Many Americans who migrated to Texas at the invitation of the Mexican government did not completely shed their identity or loyalty to the United States .
 But yeah that's pretty much it, hope you guys don't mind this kind of like random vlog that I'm doing, but I just wanted to show you guys kind of loosely like how a week is and the life of a radiology resident .
 The many light toys such a swords, devil ears, and lanterns turn the milling crowd into a unique light show that can be observed by climbing the steps of the 70 meter memorial hall on the grounds .
 The outfit he had chosen, khaki pants and a blue button-down shirt -- no tie -- lay neatly folded on the bed .
 Also while at Cambridge he formed lifelong friendships with men such as John Cam Hobhouse, who initiated him into the Cambridge Whig Club, which endorsed liberal politics, [28] and Francis Hodgson, a Fellow at King's College, with whom he corresponded on literary and other matters until the end of his life .
 At the initial meeting it became apparent that most participants were there to learn more about digital humanities and were not (yet) in the situation where they were able to offer expertise on the subject .
 Yeah that's what it is a  —
 It’s more subdued than I think what most people would expect .
 Or a cloud, or the air we breathe, we call it a ?
 You explain that your dorm is at 6400 College Avenue, a street that runs in the left-right direction on a map of your town; you are on the fifth floor, which tells where you are in the up-down direction; and you are the sixth room back from the elevator, which tells where you are in the forward-backward direction .
 You, and you alone, have identified that on which all else hinges .
 They made their case with evidence that had been adduced here in the House .
 It will not bring back George Floyd, Breonna Taylor–say her name, Breonna Taylor–Ahmaud Arbery, or the countless other men and women who died or were senselessly injured .
 One small container of pureed fruit is sufficient for flavoring (the little containers that children take to school in their lunchboxes. )
 What are your thoughts on the job Barack Obama has done as president ?
 You might therefore wish to start right in on the first page of text that follows and only then return to this introduction .
 if agents are to satisfy the epistemic conditions on responsibility, they must know what kinds of knowledge they must utilize to guide their selection of sources (on pain of infinite regress) .
 Concepts are, in many ways, big ideas that are generated by observing details, and categorizing and combining these details into cognitive structures .
 They developed a mathematical system, built huge edifices, and devised a calendar that accurately predicted eclipses and solstices and that priest-astronomers used to direct the planting and harvesting of crops .
 Write down a list of everything you are packing, in particular if it's valuable .
 Often I would find myself entering those crypts, deep dug in the earth, with their walls on either side lined with the bodies of the dead, where everything was so dark that almost it seemed as though the Psalmist's words were fulfilled, Let them go down quick into Hell. [14 ]
 Oh, and by the way guys, what do we call something that's hard, like this ice here, or a table, or a rock ?
 After ten days, however, the mission was taken and all but a few of the defenders were dead, including Travis and James Bowie, the famed frontiersman who was also a land speculator and slave trader .
 And if we can obtain the early passage of an effective tax cut which the House of Representatives has already passed--and which the Ways and Means Committee, on which Bill Green serves, wrote--we shall be sailing this country next year on the longest and strongest peacetime expansion of our economy in the history of the United States .
 An empire whose costly mistakes would for many years to come echo into every corner of the known galaxy .
 "To have a business allow that type of filth to be purveyed through their website or through their system is something that they say they can't handle .
 Is that all that's left ?
 The few women and children inside the mission were allowed to leave with the only adult male survivor, a slave owned by Travis who was then freed by the Mexican Army .
 The lime green Skittles add a sourness to the drink, so if you want one that's sweet, leave the green ones out and add them to their own bottle for a sour lime vodka .
 This is the I don't know what to do with it pile, but I think these are all the Dose of Colors lipsticks that I know I've had for at least over two years .
 She then moved to Boston, where she attended Suffolk University .
 Back out in the mall, Cara is wailing, which could start an asthma attack, so to distract her I say, “You want a cookie? ”
 Then I remembered the only “yellow man” I had ever seen, an Olondrian wizard and doctor who had visited Tyom in my childhood, who wore two pieces of glass on his eyes, attached to his ears with wires, and roamed the hills of Tinimavet, cutting bits off the trees .
 Weapons made of obsidian, jewelry crafted from jade, feathers woven into clothing and ornaments, and cacao beans that were whipped into a chocolate drink formed the basis of commerce .
 But I actually like when it's gloomy for studying because then I feel like there's nothing else you could be doing, so you might as well just stay inside and work .
 -- but I have a chart that I'll go through; the MMPI .
 The protégé of Pope Damasus I, who died in December of 384, Jerome was known for his teachings on Christian moral life, especially to those living in cosmopolitan centers such as Rome .
 And although there is a great deal of vehicle traffic to and from the George Washington Bridge, which connects Fort Lee with Manhattan, one of the largest perks of this town is the walking access to many restaurants, convenience stores and mass transit, in the form of buses and vans that frequently run across the bridge and up and down major streets .
 That is the oath Senators swore on January 16 .
 In true grit fashion, for your next try, you study those items on your list where you found you needed a bit more information, and then you go through your list again .
 Given that need, we have developed software, based on Natural Language Processing, that automatically identifies enjambment in Spanish, and applied it to a corpus of approx. 3750 sonnets by ca. 1000 authors, from the 15th to the 19th century .
 It follows from these two basic principles – the ‘arbitrariness of the sign’, and the ‘selectiveness of particular sound systems’ – that the words that exist in the world's languages should sound quite different from each other, and that the likelihood that there are universal words is extremely small .
 For the most part, arrogant people see people that they don't like as threats to their perfect little world .
 When Tyler was very young, his grandmother was his favorite person in the world because, unlike his parents, who believed that children should always be told the truth as adults understood it, she would fill in the gaps in his knowledge — Santa Claus, the Easter Bunny, God .
 Mérida has a rich cultural life which also reflects its diversity .
 In this way, concepts touch every aspect of our lives, from our many daily routines to the guiding principles behind the way governments function .
 Just download it on GitHub and then, we devise something together in a way that has free access to science and technology .
 Th- there's a white line, that you go by, and a horse has this little white line, and you clean it out with the — with the hoof knife .
 The parts that are just legend .
 I note with great pleasure the freedom to re-purpose offered by openly licensed educational resources, the convenience online access to learners as alternative courses delivery and certification methods .
 This work aimed at developing a complete theory of grammar that would fully acknowledge the role of semantics right from the start, while simultaneously adopting constraint-based formalisms as popular in computer science and natural language processing .
 As an example, research shows that greater diversity within a community or group can lead to improved critical thinking [1] and more creative solutions to complex tasks [2, 3] by pairing together individuals with unique skillsets and perspectives that complement and often augment the abilities of their peers .
 And I remember this pf- cartoon I saw w-, of, of, it was called The Scientist .
 As such, the Game of Thrones storyworld represents a remarkably rich and challenging environment for fans old and new, who must negotiate an increasingly complex network of paratexts and intertexts in order to fully engage with its narratives .
 President Joe Biden and I talk often about our mutual passion for everything you all do .
 I am curious about the population structure of the "fields" of anemones - the group to which Edwardsiella andrillae belongs includes many species that reproduce asexually, and it's possible that the fields are "clones" produced asexually rather than the result of sexual reproduction .
 Well I don't know if I told you, told you that story about that woman, who uh, went after that guy there ?
 We think also of our brothers and sisters who have been cut off from us by political boundaries and who unhappily can not share at present in the freedom that has come .
 The institutional structure of a state and its constitution are responsible for restricting predatory action—even by the state itself—and for creating rules that benefit the community [18] .
 A macroscopic sample of an element contains an incredibly large number of atoms, all of which have identical chemical properties .
 Each time I have done so to discuss with you some matter that I believe affected the national interest .
 The band I started in 1993, Spoken Motion, received a lot of recognition as a spoken word band born out of the New York spoken word scene .
 There are three main motivation concepts that have been found to directly relate to learning .
 Like my face and my hair, my features, the amount of body hair I have in random places because of like my hormones, my weight especially .
 We all had our own interests — drawing, electronics, collecting beer caps — that each appeared obscure to anyone else .
 And thanks to dedicated people who have been working for decades in engineering and on scientific marvels, we can look to the sky with new understanding .
 If moral facts are explanatorily redundant, indeed, moral realists (those who believe there are mind-independent, objective facts about morality, as discussed in Chapter 1) need to say why we should still suppose that moral facts do exist .
 Anything that you want to put off but takes two minutes to do - do it .
 I guess that's what it's called .
 With that, it is my great honor to introduce a leader who has always believed in the power of American innovation and international cooperation to achieve the remarkable: our President, the President of the United States, Joe Biden .
 Previous eye tracking research has highlighted the potential to transform the ways we understand visual processing in the arts (see for example Brieber 2014; Binderman et al., 2005) and at the same time offers a direct way of studying several important factors of a museum visit (Filippini Fantoni et al., 2013; Heidenreich & Turano 2011; Milekic 2010) .
 This was a battle that could not be won; not now, not ever .
 In response to the aforementioned situation where the three types of lights are compared by their efficiency and effectiveness as light sources, the proponents conducted this study .
 Water burst over the barrels and cans standing under the eaves and gutters, flooding the pathways, carrying away all that wasn’t fixed solid and licking at the stairs to the back porch before climbing each step and lapping against the planks we were sitting on, a wooden raft surrounded by angry water and martial beat drum, drum, drumming on the roof above .
 It is an oath whose power derives from its common sense: that a juror must always be impartial for a trial to be fair .
 The doctor, a woman I don’t know, is sitting in the other chair .
 From the first day, I have emphasized prevention, mediation and a surge in diplomacy for peace in order to address the crises that we face .
 It emphasizes consumerism, the belief that success always goes to people who merit it due to their abilities, dedication and qualifications, and reinforces, rather than changes, existing ideas related to gender, ethnicity and nationality .
 But anyways we're just down by this river here that's like right here in Columbia Falls and we're going to eat our ice cream and enjoy our last evening here .
 Disabled athletes also challenge existing relations of power by displaying dedication, hard work and perseverance in different contexts than those most sports fans are accustomed to .
 A year later, the National Library of the Netherlands (Koninklijke Bibliotheek), and the University Library of the Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam again concluded that librarians at their institutes who wanted to get involved in DH needed more training to adequately support researchers and students in this field .
 In this case, we will (in our imaginations) use a rubber sheet that can stretch or warp if we put objects on it .
 We all laughed at the idea, except for a chemist with a crooked nose and rouge caked in the creases of her face, who was incensed .
 On the one hand, a society that adopts policies promoting inclusive political institutions will develop pluralist and centralized institutions .
 Basil comes in many different varieties, each of which have a unique flavor and smell .
 wikiHow is a wiki-based site which aims to "build the world's largest, highest quality how-to manual. "
 Ahmed Mohamed, a 14-year-old boy from Irving, Texas, was arrested at his school by police after he brought a digital clock he had made to school .
 The individual had entered the country two days earlier after spending some weeks in Iran, which is currently experiencing a sizable outbreak of the disease .
 40. “Beauty is no quality in things themselves: it exists merely in the mind which contemplates them; and each mind perceives a different beauty … every individual ought to acquiesce in his own sentiment, without pretending to regulate those of others .
 And then a little behind the scenes that you probably will never see again in a video is that down here I keep all of the filming gear that doesn't really fit anywhere else in the room: two sets of tripods, I also have a c-stand .
 My hope is that over time, internet users will demand this of any site where they invest their time in a way that creates value for others .
 But what is the problem, exactly, with having beliefs that are only coincidentally true ?
 Tasmania was excluded from the study - where an voluntary iodine fortification program using iodised salt in bread, is ongoing .
 Monks will sometimes be aided by a layman who will accept things from women merit-makers on their behalf .
 This theory, along with other theories of correspondence in translating, are elaborated in his essay Principles of Correspondence, where Nida begins by asserting that given that "no two languages are identical, either in the meanings given to corresponding symbols or in the ways in which symbols are arranged in phrases and sentences, it stands to reason that there can be no absolute correspondence between languages .
 Mohamed brought the digital clock he made to school on September 14, and a teacher mistakenly thought it resembled a bomb .
 Environment Minister John Baird has asked government officials how such documents that are supposed to be stored in "approved security cabinets" wound up on the street .
 If you are interested ornithology the many shallow waters around the islands and islets is a treat with thousands of birds and colonies, one of the more notable is the Arctic Tern, which migrates to Antarctica and back (nearly 40,000 kilometers) every year .
 First, specialization in a particular small job allows workers to focus on the parts of the production process where they have an advantage .
 And to escape this relentless thing I plunged gladly and unhesitantly into the stinking shallows where amidst weedy walls and sunken streets fat sea-worms feast upon the world's dead .
 Neiafu is the official port of entry for yachts coming to Vava'u, which attracts over 500 yachts every winter sailing season between June and October .
 and evolutionary theorists have explored the various ways that in-group / out-group biases emerged across the history of our species. [10 ]
 We observe that this item fulfils a crucial need shared by all languages – the efficient signalling of problems of hearing and understanding – and we propose that its form is constrained by selective pressures in a conversational environment that is essentially the same in all languages .
 His first campaign raised funds for To Write Love On Her Arms, which supports people struggling with depression, addiction, self-injury, and suicide .
 I want to thank our DHBs, public health staff, and primary care and health officials for the work they are doing to protect the public .
 The first case is of the mayor Luca Pastorino that in last years received several refusals of his requests for payment because of the religious nursery school and retirement home .
 This was the great beginning of a new social revolution, which was the result of the democracy under Clisthenes (508 BC) .
 Also, an independent who does not claim to belong to either camp, Edward Yiu of the Architectural, Surveying, Planning and Landscape constituency, defeated his opponents and was elected .
 There is a whole topic which is called asymptotic groups theory .
 When people are searching using the virtual microscope, they will be looking not for the particles, but for the tracks that the particles make, which are much larger — several microns in diameter .
 In fact the variation in form in unrelated languages across the globe is about the same as the variation we find in the way any regular word (e.g., dog) is pronounced across dialects of English .
 Since the fall of communism in Poland, Łódź has not enjoyed the rapid economic growth cities like Kraków, Warsaw and Wrocław have experienced, and has had to endure the fall of much of its textile industry, rising unemployment and emigration (within Poland and abroad) .
 She got the brunt of the pixies’ odd sense of humor much more than I did, because she’s the one who likes to take baths .
 Instead of writing "Silver Service - Fragile" you should write something that makes it sound less theft inviting while showing the fragile nature of the contents .
 By using Open Educational Resources, OER, School of Open is opening up to many students who would have otherwise missed the opportunity of accessing education, especially in the marginalized areas which could not adequately access quality education .
 Based on many experiments, the L-band is evidenced as the optimal frequency for remote sensing of SSS, which has been adopted by SMOS, Aquarius/SAC-D and SMAP .
 You can't understan- – he – you can but, then you can't, sometimes, some of the things he says .
 Alright so I've been here just crushing ultrasounds, and today I've been feeling a little under the weather so I've been, like, yeah, I've been like crushing these all day today and then I'll show you what else I've been .
 We continue to depend on this same virtuous cycle: More readers, means more editors, which creates better instructions, leading again to more readers .
 Typical treatments take the dilutions, with ritualised shaking between each step of the dilution, past the level where any molecules of the original substance are likely to remain; for homeopathic treatments to work, basic well-understood concepts in chemistry and physics would have to be wrong .
 As the government continues to work on modalities of ensuring universal access to education and increasing the internet penetration in all parts of the country, we are pleased to witness this mode of study that will definitely translate to affordable education .
 An atom is the smallest unit of an element that can participate in a chemical change .
 Oh and PS, I usually try to avoid taking medicines that I can't read the name of but I had someone help me at the pharmacy in the airport .
 Stardust @ home is a highly distributed project using a "Virtual Microscope" that is written in html and javascript and runs on most browsers — no downloads are required .
 They discussed the "dictionary of the future", in which every word would be linked to example sentences from corpora. [7] [9 ]
 Customs cannot check what a scientist has in his mind, they can see what he has in his pocket but not what he has in his mind so it’s uncontrolled; it means that borders aren’t important and distances aren’t important .
 I was no stranger to the taunts and insults, or the foot that appears from nowhere to trip you up en route from A to B .
 It is society that establishes, through political processes, the type of economic institutions that are adopted .
 Then there was the event that became the rite of passage into our group of misfits and outcasts: making a mould of your teeth .
 America needs a full-time President and a full-time Congress, particularly at this time with problems we face at home and abroad .
 The islands are volcanic in origin and have a unique and sensitive habitat that supports many rare and endangered species .
 She picked up the pans in which she’d made the potatoes and maple glaze .
 As I conclude I take this opportunity to applaud UNESCO’s efforts and contribution in the development and growth of the country through this noble initiative that enables the primary, secondary and universities to optimize the use of Information and Communication Technology (ICT) in learning .
 Sociologists attempting to engage in cultural relativism, then, may struggle to reconcile aspects of their own culture with aspects of a culture that they are studying .
 When was the last time anybody saw us beating, let's say, China in a trade deal ?
 For instance, the evolutionary theory regards artistic beauty as “fitness signal” that displays desirable personal qualities that strengthen reproductive advantage, and our pleasant feeling caused by something beautiful, like sexual pleasure, is engraved in our minds by the process of evolution, assisting us to make the “the most adaptive decisions for survival and reproduction.” [41 ]
 A related set of questions about ethics are metaethical questions, which concern the meaning of moral terms, our ways of gaining knowledge of moral facts, and the nature of the moral facts .
 It also helps to mask the scent of any tasty morsels that have been missed when cleaning .
 As it moves over land, it is cut off from the source of energy driving the storm [which is] the evaporation of water from the warm sea surface ;
 You may have seen maps of New York City that squeeze the full three dimensions of this towering metropolis onto a flat sheet of paper and still have enough information so tourists will not get lost .
 I mean there’s certainly signs of it, and in the United States too, in fact we had a sit down strike in the United States not long ago, which is a very militant labor action .
 After this, you still do not stop, but instead you change your approach to use other methods that keep what you have learned fresh in your mind .
 More recently, institutions of academic expertise have been subject to a large and growing outbreak of so-called predatory journals — journals that will publish almost anything for a fee .
 All in all, I think this is a terrific opportunity to improve sports coverage in a multitude of aspects; but we will have to wait until after the event to assess to what extent the broadcasters will meet these expectations .
 Markus Landgraf has estimated the number of interstellar dust particles that should have been captured by Stardust during two periods of the "cruise" phase of the interplanetary orbit in which the spacecraft was moving with this wind .
 On Friday, fishermen rescued over 700 asylum seekers whose boat sank, and the Indonesian Navy reportedly saved 200 more after they were found swimming along the coast of Aceh, Indonesia .
 I would have preferred to carry through to the finish, whatever the personal agony it would have involved, and my family unanimously urged me to do so .
 The President has drawn both praise for helping the girls enter the U.S. and criticism for his travel ban, which does not cover Afghanistan, and for the atmosphere of hostility toward Muslims that critics blame for denying them entry in the first place .
 We have clear passages of Scripture, which seem to indicate that man has a free will, and that he can exercise that will, to follow, or not to follow .
 Daniel was a son of Johann Bernoulli (one of the "early developers" of calculus) and a nephew of Jacob Bernoulli (who" was the first to discover the theory of probability") .
 We are committed to doing all that is required to ensure that the election process is fully compatible with international standards for free and fair elections .
 Again, the Master plan, with the flagship projects to pilot its implementation, will steer the march towards the digital future that will transform the country to a regional technical hub, raise the country’s competitiveness and align the country in line with vision 2030’s ICT goals .
 The project site includes Quilis’s complete list of syntactic environments that can trigger enjambment, as well as the types identified by our system .
 He characterized the conflict between the Church of Scientology and anonymous posters of the Cruise video as "another small skirmish in a war that Scientology has been waging for almost 15 years, since the early days of newsgroups such as alt.religion.scientology, which posted internal church documents in 1994 .
 I will definitely insert a little clip here that will show you what the shelf life symbol looks like on products .
 Here, we present a novel system, based on a topical web crawler, that can quickly and automatically assemble a full census of an academic field using digital data available on the public World Wide Web .
 All of a sudden a terrible wind blew up, so strong that I thought the hill my little house was built on would be blown apart – but I’d seen the Devil do things as bad as this before (the Devil had often tried to harm me), so I took heart and went on meditating .
 There are also small migrant Eegimaa communities in villages like Djifanghor (east of Ziguinchor) and in Bourofaye (south of Ziguinchor), where they cohabit with speakers of Baïnounk languages .
 The best analogy I’ve heard is when Rob Siegel, former editor-in-chief, likened it to wine tasting .
 I have heard families in the South Pacific who fear their lives being swept away by rising seas; young refugees in the Middle East yearning for a return to school and home; Ebola survivors in North Kivu struggling to rebuild their lives; women demanding equality and opportunity; people of all beliefs and traditions who suffer simply because of who they are; and so many others .
 The Chemical Wedding by Christian Rosencreutz is the way I’ve decided to present the title of this book .
 This is a pretty cool little thing that is posted here at the loop so this Going-To-The-Sun Road is actually considered a national landmark now, how cool .
 He is best known for his translation of most of the Bible into Latin (the translation that became known as the Vulgate), and his commentaries on the Gospels .
 Instead of being taken to a hotel, where he could route out as promised, he was taken to the Century City Towers .
 Open-mindedness is one characteristic that supports creativity, problem solving, and innovation .
 Whether it is appropriate or not is another thing we leave to the pros to decide .
 What you don’t want to wash with them is anything that can get twisted up with the straps, like women’s long sleeve shirts or kids’ blankets .
 Above all, we are facing the alarming possibility of armed conflict in the Gulf, the consequences of which the world can not afford .
 They thought of atoms as moving particles that differed in shape and size, and which could join together .
 In 2004, he appeared in the Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen comedy New York Minute as Trey Lipton, a cute boy to whom the Olsens' characters are attracted .
 Nor had my flesh trembled without cause, for when I raised my eyes I saw that the waters had ebbed very low, shewing much of the vast reef whose rim I had seen before .
 What if it is the state itself that exhibits predatory behavior ?
 University collections across the United States also include Polaroids of "unknowns" who have not yet had their fifteen minutes of fame .
 Well, our concern must be for a special interest group that has been too long neglected .
 European colonizers often viewed the people in the lands they colonized as uncultured savages who were in need of European governance, dress, religion, and other cultural practices .
 All you need to do is place your favorite combination of Skittles candies into a glass or bottle of vodka and wait for it to infuse .
 Write every thought down that comes up during work .
 The sand does distort the sheet a tiny bit, but this is not a distortion that we or the ant can measure .
 Anything we want to explain about morality can be explained without mentioning moral facts, or so Ruse argues .
 From one-liners to classic three-liners to the one-minute gag you tell your friends, a good joke pleases everyone .
 Everything is really detailed and when you look up even on the way going into the shop there are owls that move up high .
 Um if you don't want to do a tour of Pittock Mansion, I'd still recommend like taking the trail up there because it has a really cool like overlook of the city that you can go see .
 So I don't really know what's going on .
 Doing this too often can quickly turn an otherwise flirtatious conversation into one in which you appear needy and self-loathing .
 Also, when the representationalism, the expression theories, formalism, neoformalism, aesthetic theories in defining art all fail to offer an account that is capable of coping with the dynamic scenes of the artworld, and when the anti-essentialist movement in philosophical aesthetics then paves a way to functionalism, institutionalism and various versions of historicism, the question of artistic beauty as such not only loses its limelight, but also is, to some extent, abandoned for its strong Hegelian colour .
 Every time the elevator reaches a new floor, say “ding!” very loudly .
 Do you always seem to cross paths with people who are stuck on themselves, intolerant of people different from them, rude or downright arrogant ?
 Marbles has been in a relationship with fellow YouTuber Julien Solomita since 2013, and the two live together in California with their four dogs, Marbles, Kermit, Peach and Bunny, who regularly appear in her videos. [26 ]
 And yet people believe in the spirit and ideas that bring us to this Hall .
 This cultural diversity is represented through the vast variety of international restaurants and small business, and in particular, there is a strong Korean presence that can be seen in retail and dining storefronts .
 The amount of distortion in spacetime depends on the mass of material that is involved and on how concentrated and compact it is .
 The senses serve as the interface between the mind and the external environment, receiving stimuli and translating it into nervous impulses that are transmitted to the brain .
 Throw away or donate junk you don't want to take to your new place .
 Each day starts with one or more lectures by researchers, that address the conceptual knowledge needed .
 From the discussions I have had with Congressional and other leaders, I have concluded that because of the Watergate matter, I might not have the support of the Congress that I would consider necessary to back the very difficult decisions and carry out the duties of this office in the way the interests of the Nation will require .
 N- you just, it takes well, it takes me longer than most people, cause you know, I'm not as strong and, and I'm not as good, as like somebody that would do it all the time .
 Eegimaa is an endangered language whose transmission to new generations has been declining significantly in the last decades .
 So I think the first question is, what is this all about, why should we even be debating NATO, is there any reason why it should exist ?
 And you know, my therapist, like the very first thing she said was, you know, you doing this takes a lot of courage .
 In this sense, fans of the series represent an emerging model for cultural consumption that should be carefully explored .
 Santorum the person has been in the news throughout the primary season, and we thought it would be interesting to try to create a delicious drink that mimicked the appearance of the Dan Savage meaning of "santorum. "
 In fact, many people Wikinews observed took out their mobiles as they left for the evening and used their own phone cameras to make one further record of the moment - a photo of a photo .
 We — that was kind of a double thing that, we had in — in another class, so it was kinda review for us .
 I’d said my prayers, talking a long time as usual with my Maker and thinking about some of the great mysteries the Father of Lights had revealed to me .
 If you look at the rooms, there's all the accouterments you'd find in these types of places -- but more than anything, there's a lot of good feeling around here .
 I have new products out, and I'm gonna be showing you guys today exactly how I'm going to be using my products, and I'm also going to be showing you guys this extreme moisture bomb routine that you can do, um, for wintertime because it is getting a little bit colder outside .
 All the offworlders I had ever met were teachers .
 Sure some stronger impulse vibrates here, Which whispers friendship will be doubly dear To one, who thus for kindred hearts must roam, And seek abroad, the love denied at home .
 To those who have stood with me during these past difficult months--to my family, my friends, to many others who joined in supporting my cause because they believed it was right--I will be eternally grateful for your support .
 He traveled to Florida to meet with Devocht, who had told Montalvo he would assist him with future employment and housing .
 The challenges we face are great .
 You know, a pin, you know, if we did a pin, it's probably, it would probably be even a hundred more but, so it's it's that's about the — at this point the, the least expensive alternative that probably will work for her .
 Things You'll Nee d
 I basically like created a digital calendar where I'm gonna go over each of the chapters, just because I only have one week left to study .
 From the wireless headset that dangled from her neck, her old marine buddies called to her with joyous profanity and the bass of digital gunfire .
 And finally, what do we call something that's loose, and floating around like this steam here ?
 Implementing a Tax System that allows working Americans making under $ 250,000 to keep all of their money .
 As soon as I came off the pill my period came back pretty regularly and I started tracking my periods just because I knew the pregnancy was something that eventually we would want, and I know that it helps if you've been tracking your period so you know your cycle .
 A lot of the notes that I had taken from our last meeting and being more of a cause or like leading to memory's importance for each of the sources, I — I essentially changed it to um "it's the one persistent element of our existence that gives meaning to the inheritance of memory" .
 Malaysia and Indonesia have maintained a policy of turning away boats of migrants which, according to AFP, the Untied Nations and United States have both criticised .
 You got the two, and you take the square root of two, and you get the negative two, which you take the square, and it comes to two .
 You will find that each of these is a strong tool that will enable you to engage with learning material in a way that not only suits your needs, but also gives you ownership over your own learning processes .
 Jenna's mother was unemployed at the time that Jenna's first video went viral, and was concerned that their content might put off potential employers. [7 ]
 It attempts to explain how and why we think the way we do by studying the interactions among human thinking, emotion, creativity, language, and problem solving, in addition to other cognitive processes .
 NASA is also offering shuttle heat shield tiles to schools and universities that want to share technology and a piece of space history with their students .
 “The internal Sense is, a passive Power of receiving Ideas of Beauty from all Objects in which there is Uniformity amidst Variety” (§ VI, 67) .
 So, it’s with great, prayerful gratitude to most of the men and women in blue, that we sadly have to say that our appreciation for them cannot lapse into apathy or acceptance of actions that are fundamentally incompatible with the purpose of policing, the purpose of policing .
 Another technique used by your brain to organize information is the identification of prototypes for the concepts you have developed .
 One example is we ran an article a couple of years back that was, "No Jennifer Lopez News Today" .
 This will give it time to absorb any moisture that might still be in the pan .
 This makes your first language a proto-language — a language that branches off into a family of languages .
 If the number of elected representatives who favor a proposed law is greater than those who oppose it, the law will be enacted .
 A pre-1982 copper penny (left) contains approximately 3 ×× 1022 copper atoms (several dozen are represented as brown spheres at the right), each of which has the same chemical properties .
 Cara sits in her booster seat in the back of the car, wheezing all the way home, getting worse and worse, and by the time we pull in the driveway, she’s got that white look around her mouth .
 And to those who have not felt able to give me your support, let me say I leave with no bitterness toward those who have opposed me, because all of us, in the final analysis, have been concerned with the good of the country, however our judgments might differ .
 Is it only girls you hire ?
 For example, imagine you have to describe to worried school officials the fire that broke out in your room when your roommate tried cooking shish kebabs in the fireplace .
 "That is a group of people, and that is a nation that truly has no clue .
 To gain insight into these issues in the context of L2 research, the systematic review provides a synthesis of L2 studies in journal articles that self-labeled as replications .
 The stampede at Islam's most holy site happened at Jamarat Bridge, during an event where pebbles are thrown at a pillar to represent the stoning of Satan as part of the final rites of the Hajj .
 I'm back home now, and I basically just typed up a little calendar laying out the chapters that I have left to review before Tuesday .
 Additionally, because this question was only asked of respondents who reported prior discrimination experiences, the built-in skip pattern resulted in a large number of cases scored as missing (legitimate skip) .
 His 2010 season was cut short due to injury to his medial collateral ligament, which required surgery. [8 ]
 The 1863 Emancipation Proclamation ended any doubts the British had about the goals of the Union cause .
 Third, specialization allows businesses to take advantage of economies of scale, which means that for many goods, as the level of production increases, the average cost of producing each individual unit declines .
 We don't want to have to give anyone permission to use our recordings, we want anyone to use them for whatever they want .
 You know, I mean, he was like, really off into wonderful abstract notions, that were all based in a peaceful world .
 Every time you take over a country you get cards .
 Even the most culturally relativist people from egalitarian societies—ones in which women have political rights and control over their own bodies—would question whether the widespread practice of female genital mutilation in countries such as Ethiopia and Sudan should be accepted as a part of cultural tradition .
 Get masking tape or packing tape and tape screws and other little things that came out of something back against it .
 And there are already Arabs who did it .
 [The santorum neologism is] offensive beyond, you know, anything that any public figure or anybody in America should tolerate, and the mainstream media laughs about it. — Rick Santoru m
 In the context of strengthening regional cooperation, my country is committed to a more enhanced partnership with all regional organizations and initiatives that serve the promotion of good neighbourly relations; the strengthening of regional peace, security and stability; ensuring political support for integration into Euro-Atlantic structures, and attracting financing for national and regional projects in priority fields such as energy, transportation and telecommunications .
 The games have features like increasing challenges, rules that establish what can and cannot be done, and involvement of the player in the quest to gain skills and win the game (Kirriemuir & McFarlane, 2004; Prensky, 2005) .
 The baseline data that I use to - -
 We have been for years, we're adults, but I don't know what it is .
 I had one granddaughter who survived the war .
 Um one of the coolest things that I have ever seen .
 I sat in the shadow in my living room for a while, looking at the amorphous mass of the blanket I had been crocheting .
 Moreover, seeing someone perform on the internet takes away the use of our senses, originality and imagination that reading and thinking about magic can produce .
 And in 19 — and I will tell you this, and I said it very strongly, years ago, I said — and I love the military, and I want to have the strongest military that we've ever had, and we need it more now than ever .
 Uh prevailing wages, that, um, that indicate different levels of agility, of the different men working .
 “Daniels! Peterson! Foster! Brown! Rye ...” a voice called out above the other sounds that filled the flight deck .
 The stories of her mature period (1894 – 96) were not only marked by her experience living near the red-light district and greater concern over the plight of women, but also by the influence of Ihara Saikaku, a 17th-century writer, whose stories she had recently discovered .
 When I discovered Wikipedia, I recognized that the wiki model had the potential to build the how-to resource the world really needs .
 Determine this based on their general personality and the people they're interacting with .
 Among these were the Pyramid of the Sun (which is two hundred feet high) and the Pyramid of the Moon (one hundred and fifty feet high) .
 Lots of ingredients in it that kinda like counteracts what you would typically want for your hair .
 “I have already told you of the sickness and confusion that comes with time travelling .
 I am back in Philadelphia to express my thanks for that support and also to express appreciation for the help we received from those Democrats in this city and State, and to report to you on the progress that this country has made on the goals that were outlined 3 years ago .
 The data set has an even number of values (14 data values), so the median will be the average of the two middle values (the average of 6.8 and 7.2), which is calculated as (6.8+7.2)/2 and equals 7 .
 Some scholars believe that between nine and fifteen thousand years ago, a land bridge existed between Asia and North America that we now call Beringia .
 Given the volume of content this represents, it is easy to forget that the television series itself is an adaptation of a book series with a pre-existing fandom .
 He soon came back and gave me the good news that I actually hadn’t overslept; all I’d done was miss breakfast: they hadn’t wanted to wake an old man who needed his rest .
 She won the Cannes Film Festival Award for Best Actress for Seven Days ... Seven Nights (1960), the BAFTA Award for Best Foreign Actress for Viva Maria! (1965), and the César Award for Best Actress for The Old Lady Who Walked in the Sea (1992) .
 Tensions are heightened in South Asia, where differences need to be addressed through dialogue .
 Upon waking each morning, you begin thinking—contemplating the tasks that you must complete that day .
 Those monks that accept money are almost always fakes .
 Cats that spend time outdoors are more likely to hunt to find their own food and may track down that mouse .
 Wilkins observed that the 2007 starting date of the donation program, which is part of the Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts, coincided with the 20th anniversary of Andy Warhol's death in 1987 .
 This is the definition of disruptive technology, the focus on creating a new idea or process that negates or challenges established process or products.2 4
 Tulsa has one of the largest concentrations of Art Deco in the nation, having been a booming city during the 1920s when the architecture was first built by rich oil barons who built stately mansions and turned the Downtown area into a treasure trove of art .
 At beaches which are primarily Thai visitors however, this is not advised .
 Chalmers was feeling forced to accept the truth: they were all that was left of the Imperial Naval Forces .
 Here you will explore how much of an influence motivation has on learning, as well as how to use motivation to purposefully take an active role in any learning activity .
 This was the sort of fantasy that could have occurred to any young child who lost an important relative .
 It is not clear, however, whether and why evolutionary explanations of morality reveal something about our moral beliefs that is particularly troubling from an epistemological perspective .
 One instance in which colleges and universities use percentiles is when SAT results are used to determine a minimum testing score that will be used as an acceptance factor .
 A- and I'm supposed to trust you every time you tell the truth .
 In the process, your brain gathers details that inform and refine your understanding of related concepts like democracy, power, and freedom .
 This focus stemmed from his close patron relationships with several prominent female ascetics who were members of affluent senatorial families. [7 ]
 We then housed the ants in nests I made using Y-tong [aerated concrete] .
 She gave birth to my father, who gave birth to me .
 We're right now using an automated microscope that we developed several years ago for nuclear astrophysics work to scan the collector in the Cosmic Dust Lab in Building 31 at Johnson Space Center .
 Pack one room at a time if possible, and start with items that are least often used .
 Countries that are colored red, like China, Vietnam, and Cuba, have an oligarchic form of government .
 I am the only candidate who believes in both economic freedom and personal liberty and the only candidate who stands on principle against cronyism and corporatism and in favor of the rule of law .
 As I recall the high hopes for America with which we began this second term, I feel a great sadness that I will not be here in this office working on your behalf to achieve those hopes in the next 2 1/2 years .
 Systems that assess expertise can be manipulated, and many cases of such manipulation exist — take the recent example by the University of Malaysia, which attempted to boost metrics by urging its faculty to cite one another [28] .
 Albania, as one of the 191 signatory countries of the Millennium Declaration, remains fully committed to implementation of the Millennium Development Goals, which have been properly reflected in a national strategy for social and economic development .
 Montalvo contacted former members of Scientology, who helped him leave the organization and get in touch with Devocht .
 Unlike most other large Polish cities, which have long histories, Łódź was created almost from scratch during the 19th century textile industry boom to house textile mills, their owners and their workers, and rapidly grew to become an important industrial and commerce centre .
 Telling good jokes is an art that comes naturally to some people, but for others it takes practice and hard work .
 His name is commemorated in the Bernoulli's principle, a particular example of the conservation of energy, which describes the mathematics of the mechanism underlying the operation of two important technologies of the 20th century: the carburetor and the airplane wing .
 They selected Henry Smith, leader of the Independence Party, as governor of Texas and placed Sam Houston, a former soldier who had been a congressman and governor of Tennessee, in charge of its small military force .
 I don't know what I did to get that .
 The effect gets more noticeable as we increase the mass of the object that we put on the sheet .
 His was genetic: an uncontrolled genotype that left him predisposed to nearsightedness, acne, and (as it later turned out) a susceptibility to narcotics .
 In addition, repelling and removing rodents from your home can be a hassle if you don't know what you are doing .
 Examining this, I could tell that it had been taken from those ancient monuments I’d seen and put here for some special reason .
 I dreamed that I was at the offworlder's home, where it was summer but no one was taking care of the stabros, and they were all glad, and so I was a hero - and I was startled awake by gunfire .
 They also bred small domesticated dogs which, along with fish, provided their protein .
 The main reason attributed for the pollution of Athens is because the city is enclosed by mountains in a basin which does not let the smog leave .
 A sensitive Environment Canada document was found wet on an Ottawa street by someone who gave it to the CBC today .
 So I wanted to make a gel that did not do any of those things .
 The crowds that customarily line the National Mall were absent, a reminder that our Nation is still in the throes of a deadly pandemic .
 However, the main problem of CFLs is the mercury they contain .
 I don't know what he's doing today .
 Homeopathy is a form of alternative medicine which treats patients with massively diluted forms of substances that, if given to a healthy person undiluted, would cause symptoms similar to the disease .
 AKA every vegetarian thing that Ash has in her fridge that will remotely go well together .
 I must congratulate the former students and ask to make the very best use of the copyright law knowledge they acquired while also challenging all universities represented here to consider emulating the highly successfully CopyrightX initiative .
 St François if you go at the eastern point of Guadeloupe, you will reach La Pointe des Chateaux, a scenery made of sand and rocks which have vaguely the shape of a castle .
 If you could define a place that will remind you of your visit to the Chathams, then this very special place will be at the top of your list .
 It remains unclear what might explain such gains, which have been attributed to motivation and to L2 experience during the period of ostensibly limited exposure [24], or to factors related to general maturation, cognitive development, or continued academic training [18] .
 On the other hand, extant newspaper clippings from only a few days after the duel give a description of his opponent (identified by the initials "L. D.") that appear to more accurately apply to one of Galois' Republican friends, most probably Ernest Duchatelet, who was imprisoned with Galois on the same charges. [21 ]
 Other items include various shuttle simulators which will be given to the Adler Planetarium in Chicago, Illinois, the Evergreen Aviation & Space Museum of McMinnville, Oregon, and Texas A&M's Aerospace Engineering Department .
 Within your industry of interest or area of study, what are the challenges that create frustration ?
 She smelled like honey that has been kept a while in a dark room, a little fermented .
 Someone from a country where dog meat is standard fare might find it off - putting to see a dog in a French restaurant — not on the menu, but as a pet and patron’s companion .
 USI's exhibit, which is located in Evansville, Indiana, is to run from January 23 through March 9 .
 However, historically, there have been several events that should cause a societal response .
 Rathke also asked the governments of South East Asia not to turn away boats of people seeking asylum .
 At this time of transition and dysfunction in global power relations, there is a new risk looming on the horizon that may not yet be large but it is real .
 Hume argues that “beauty is no quality in things themselves,” but a “sentiment” in “the mind that contemplates them” and “to seek the real beauty … is … fruitless.” [40 ]
 He married Althea Lucille Sprague, who died in 1993 .
 The Escola do Cérebro is a platform that integrates seven digital games into a database .
 And every time we give Iraq equipment, the first time a bullet goes off in the air, they leave it .
 One day Tyler looked through an old family photo album, and in it was a picture of the kitchen in the house they used to live in .
 According to Wilkins, Warhol was able to reproduce the Polaroid photograph and create an enlargement of it, which he then could use to commit the image to the silk screen medium by applying paint or manipulating them further .
 With the onset of the automobile, public officials reduced the city's public transportation services without foreseeing the traffic gridlock and smog that would menace the city by the 1980s .
 The palpitating greyness grew darker; then—though I was still travelling with prodigious velocity—the blinking succession of day and night, which was usually indicative of a slower pace, returned, and grew more and more marked .
 With the idealism and fair play which are the core of our system and our strength, we can have a strong and prosperous America, at peace with itself and the world .
 We don’t have any rules or known lines we won’t cross .
 It is usually a means of travel for those who are without their own motor vehicle .
 Last June, we hosted the Vienna Energy Forum, where about 1,400 participants discussed alternative energy concepts to reach the energy goals of the United Nations .
 Um, and more of the harder gels that really, like, make your hair feel super hard – I don't normally use those because I don't feel like you need all that .
 I know this is something that you guys have requested for a very long time, and after two and a half years of living here, I finally feel like I've made it my own and decorated it how I want, and I'm ready to show it to you guys .
 The sample consisted of 71 students of the Application School of Basic Education, Federal University of Santa Catarina, aged 7 and 9 years old (M = 7.64 ± 1.12), which were divided into two groups: participant and control .
 In these final papers, he outlined the rough edges of some work he had been doing in analysis and annotated a copy of the manuscript submitted to the Academy and other papers .
 In the 1990s, Fillmore taught classes in computational lexicography at the University of Pisa, where he met Sue Atkins, who was conducting frame-semantic analyses from a lexicographic perspective .
 Accustomed to representative democracy, jury trials, and the defendant’s right to appear before a judge, the Anglo-American settlers in Texas also disliked the Mexican legal system, which provided for an initial hearing by an alcalde, an administrator who often combined the duties of mayor, judge, and law enforcement officer .
 That exhibit was part of a collaboration combining the collections from Duke University, located in Durham, North Carolina, and University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, which also were recipients of donated items from the Andy Warhol Photographic Legacy Program .
 As a student in Rome, Jerome engaged in the superficial escapades and sexual experimentation of students there, which he indulged in quite casually but for which he suffered terrible bouts of guilt afterwards. [13] [better source needed ]
 In 1801, he was sent to Harrow, where he remained until July 1805. [6 ]
 "I think everybody knows Andy Warhol's name, even non-art people, that's a name they might know because he was such a personality", Water said .
 So these have been awesome for hiking and I highly recommend them, especially if you're looking for like a lighter shoe that's not heavy like hiking boots or anything .
 The first step in applying grit is to adopt an attitude that looks directly to the end goal as the only acceptable outcome .
 The parents are also accused of putting their social life ahead of their child, taking her on a trip to India and leaving her to servants while embarking on a busy social schedule, and giving her homeopathic drops instead of using the prescription creams they had been given .
 Then, based on that, we make open innovations that we, then, export, not as colonizers but, really, co-creators .
 The kind of moral realism that Street has in mind is the view that moral properties exist as objective features of the world (to wit, whether stealing is wrong is independent of whether anyone thinks or feels that stealing is wrong) .
 This pilot project primarily investigated how participants visually explore artworks and provides new insights into the potential eye-tracking has to transform the ways we understand visual processing in arts and culture and at the same time offer a direct way of studying several important factors of a museum visit, namely to assess the effects of label characteristics on visitor visual behaviour .
 So I think we're gonna start here at the loop trailhead which is the same highline – um, trail that we did the other day .
 We have a website dedicated for this, the Civil IoT project at CI.taiwan.gov.tw, that is basically, collective intelligence, meteorological, air quality, earthquake, and disaster prevention, and things like that .
 I get switched around -- moved around a few times to cover some residents who are on vacation, so I'll be at other spots later this week .
 In 1562, Bishop Diego de Landa, who feared the converted natives had reverted to their traditional religious practices, collected and burned every codex he could find .
 The Grand Lake Theater stands at the entrance to the neighborhood that bears its name, a matter of a few hundred feet from Lakeshore Avenue – both are diverse neighborhoods no matter what your budget, be it burgers or sandwiches or a full romantic evening, either of these twin-sister neighborhoods will make a pleasant time, by day or night .
 Consider the lives that we can save by strengthening our investments to sustain peace around the world .
 There's a lot of unfunny jokes that are told in a back room, that's why they stay and die in that back room and don’t go out in The Onion .
 The footage that I'm gonna put in here honestly it looks a little bit fake .
 Byron finally returned in January 1804, [6] to a more settled period which saw the formation of a circle of emotional involvements with other Harrow boys, which he recalled with great vividness: "My school friendships were with me passions (for I was always violent)." [21 ]
 His breakthrough role was in the romantic comedy, Chasing Liberty (2004), for which he received a nomination at Teen Choice Awards for Choice Breakout Movie Star - Male .
 The city was also the center for trade, which extended to settlements on Mesoamerica’s Gulf Coast .
 I still believe in the kind of America which I described in this hall 3 years ago, and I am still determined that this Nation shall continue to strive to meet those goals .
 For lymphoscintigraphies we basically inject technetium in skin surrounding a melanoma and after we inject we wait about 15-20 minutes, maybe up to an hour, and wait for that radio tracer to travel to the closest lymph node which we would call the sentinel lymph node .
 Despite the common perception that Cleveland is an industrial town, just beyond the automotive and steel plants, a clean and beautiful downtown rises at the mouth of the Cuyahoga River on the southern shore of Lake Erie (often marvelled over by visitors who are surprised you can't see the other side, i.e., Canada) .
 The Union of Rationalist Atheists and Agnostics (UAAR) has launched a petition which now has more than 11,000 signatures, asking the government to respect and execute the sentence of the Supreme Court .
 From an entrepreneurial perspective, what products could you invent to support both organic farming and the problems of insects that damage or destroy crops ?
 By the time you get to be a writer for The Onion, though, the odds are you are going to succeed because we make it pretty challenging .
 Everyone’s just watching the weird retarded girl except this one chubby guy who’s trying to get her to put down the lights but who’s afraid to touch her .
 It was a tournament that I wish we'd actually gone back to more often .
 We started it basically, because I wanted to - I wanted to work with Isabel on a lot of projects that we had going on together .
 If the environmental agency group reports one number and your neighbors report another number, of course, you're going to trust the one that you participated yourself, even though it's a lower quality sensor .
 Customers don’t always know what they want .
 The case on which the Court has ruled was of the religious schools Santo Spirito and Immacolata in Livorno, Tuscany, to pay over 422,000 euros in arrears for the period from 2004 to 2009 .
 How did you first hear about the definition of the santorum neologism that grew out of the contest from the Savage Love advice column ?
 And as I saw therein the lotos-faces vanish, I longed for nets that I might capture them and learn from them the secrets which the moon had brought upon the night .
 Unique tree carvings done by the peaceful Moriori people hundreds of years ago .
 Raucous laughter greeted the suggestions of the other body parts that could receive the same treatment .
 Many of these products use natural ingredients, such as peppermint, that are known to be disagreeable to mice .
 I was wearing a yellow linen dress which my mother had picked out and which I therefore disliked although I knew it flattered me .
 It is the Senate, Madam Speaker, that will fail if it does not hold this President accountable for using a hold on military aid to compel an ally to interfere in our election for his own personal gain .
 That's all I get ?
 As to his opponent in the duel, Alexandre Dumas names Pescheux d'Herbinville, [13] who was actually one of the nineteen artillery officers whose acquittal was celebrated at the banquet that occasioned Galois' first arrest. [20 ]
 As you guys know, that's all I talk about on my channel most of the time .
 In a scenario with insecure property rights, asymmetric information, and a judicial system that acts as a lax enforcement mechanism, as discussed in the following sections, the FDI is difficult to attract .
 Whenever you are presented with something that you don’t want to do or would consider putting off, ask yourself, “will this take me less than two minutes to finish? ”
 Well I know, that's what starving is .
 5. Atoms are neither created nor destroyed during a chemical change, but are instead rearranged to yield substances that are different from those present before the change (Figure 2.4) .
 Of course, we all – there's not anyone on our side of the aisle who has advocated any policy in this body to defund the police, contrary to misrepresentations that are coming forth .
 Second, workers who specialize in certain tasks often learn to produce more quickly and with higher quality .
 Gather all needed materials and players (see Things You'll Need section below) .
 Yet when I saw afar out in the sea a black condor descend from the sky to seek rest on a vast reef, I would fain have questioned him, and asked him of those whom I had known when they were alive .
 and in virtue of the authority thereby in me vested, do hereby order and direct the representatives of the different States of the Union to assemble in Musical Hall, of this city, on the 1st day of Feb. next, then and there to make such alterations in the existing laws of the Union as may ameliorate the evils under which the country is laboring, and thereby cause confidence to exist, both at home and abroad, in our stability and integrity .
 That's what I assumed .
 But when that moon went over to the west and the still tide ebbed from the sullen shore, I saw in that light old spires that the waves almost uncovered, and white columns gay with festoons of green seaweed .
 Rachel still lived on her parents' farm, which made it all the more remarkable that she had kept Carroll and her parents apart for so long .
 They also upload it to the public cloud, which then uploads it to a distributed ledger to make sure that nobody can modify those numbers after the fact .
 Agents can rationally choose between experts only if the criteria that distinguish genuine experts from charlatans are common sense or widely known :
 I'm a little bit inspired by dreams but when eventually I started to write more seriously I was more interested in structure which also .. a bit like mathematics in a way .. for example my first book is called Opus 1 .. a collection of four long stories with musical structures .
 The Senate will address the challenges our country faces head on and without delay, not with timid solutions but with boldness and with courage .
 In many cases, a business that focuses on one or a few products (sometimes called its “core competency”) is more successful than firms that try to make a wide range of products .
 I like the way he expressed that .
 This process, as you’ll recall from What is Anthropology? is called enculturation .
 And a liquid can change its shape, to f- completely fill the bottom of whatever container you put it in .
 But, I thought that's the largest size they have .
 The Open Science Framework (https://osf.io), also established in 2011, provides a web infrastructure to facilitate collaboration and has been used for large replication efforts in psychology (e.g., Open Science Collaboration, 2015), which continue to make waves in academia (Laws, 2016; Lindsay, 2015; Martin & Clarke, 2017) and the general media (Baker, 2015; Devlin, 2016) .
 That's what it was .
 At the ceremony, NASA Administrator Charles Bolden announced the locations that would be given the three remaining Space Shuttle orbiters following the end of the Space Shuttle program .
 The term Nexus is applied to sentences, structures similar to sentences and sentences in formation, in which two concepts are expressed in one unit; e.g., it rained, he ran indoors .
 I am happy to note the enthusiasm demonstrated by School of Open Africa in transforming education along Sustainable Development Goals proposed for post-2015 (Goal No. 4: “Ensure inclusive and equitable quality education and promote life-long learning opportunities for all”) and in line with the Kenya Vision 2030 which seeks to transform Kenya into a middle-income country that offers high quality of life to all citizens by the year 2030 .
 We're not having any plans today and right now we are at like a river waterfall area, so yeah we're just gonna kind of roll with whatever happens today, so just chill, relax and enjoy our last day in beautiful Glacier National Park !
 Thus, institutions also determine the level of uncertainty to which individuals are subject, stimulating or discouraging transactions .
 A sudden rain storm on Sunday night (March 4) caused a mass exodus of people to head for the station prompting lines that backed up into the street .
 Nor did she realize that he wrote popular literature which aimed to please the general public and in no way wished to be associated with serious literature .
 So it's a high grade grape that is made from Pinot Noir and the Hermitage .
 Arrogant people counteract this by creating an atmosphere that revolves around them, and get angry if they're reminded of the real world .
 Nick Bos, of the University of Helsinki, studies "the amazing adaptations social insects have evolved in order to fight the extreme parasite pressure they experience" .
 For instance, those with an interest in deceiving the general public may set up parallel institutions that ostensibly guarantee expertise, taking advantage of the ways in which these parallel institutions mimic legitimate institutions to ensure that people are taken in .
 As a previous step to designing the mutation operators, we analyzed the main technologies used specifically in the development of GIS, and we identified typical errors a programmer can introduce during the development .
 Even the mainland school groups that fly there for school camps, and choose to stay at Kopinga Marae [1] get value for money by chartering a flight one way .
 All 15 people who were seated nearby the individual on their flight into New Zealand have been traced and are being told to self-isolate .
 But light where stars were born and from where they die .
 What we do is we mark it under our cameras and then the patient will go up to the OR, have the melanoma, a wide excision of the melanoma, and then they will try to find the lymph node that we marked and take that one out as well to make sure there's no metastasis .
 There are three general types of lighting that are widely used in the household nowadays: the (light-emitting diode) LED bulb, (compact fluorescent light) CFL bulb and the incandescent bulb .
 Voters see the two-party system for the sham it has become .
 As a country, we are also privileged to have a National ICT Policy whose goal is to create a prosperous ICT - driven Kenyan society .
 First, surveys are subject to variable response rates and the misinterpretation of questions or sample frames, which can inject bias into fine-grained analyses [21, 22] .
 All respondents who indicated they were discriminated against — specifically, those who responded with sometimes or often to the perceived discrimination measure described above — were asked the following question :
 Then for about two weeks we count every day how many ants died .
 "However, the full fuselage trainer, that every astronaut including [former Museum of Flight CEO] Bonnie Dunbar has been trained on, will soon call the Museum of Flight home .
 The rocking chair, the watering can, boxes of cuttings, and tied-up newspapers, all floated away as we slammed the kitchen door shut and retreated to the front room we gazed out at the river that the street had become .
 Yet the turning - point is past, and history begins anew for us, the history which we shall live and act and others will write about .
 Despite this setback, France eventually did conquer Mexico, establishing a regime that lasted until 1867 .
 And the woman was just looking at him, making eyes, then she went out there, got on her knees, in front of him, in this skirt that's this short, takes her hands, and goes along his toes, and then up, and is just doing like that .
 The original people of the islands are the Moriori, who were descended from the Maori of mainland New Zealand, but who developed their own culture and variant of the language .
 The last thing you want is other substances interacting with the reactions you're depending on to make the substances glow .
 Flourishing from roughly 2000 BCE to 900 CE in what is now Mexico, Belize, Honduras, and Guatemala, the Maya perfected the calendar and written language the Olmec had begun .
 I would like to bring People from the heartland of America that make this nation work .
 Actually I find many connections between mathematics and literature because almost all the thing I told about mathematics are also seen in literature and in writing because when you write you can describe the real world, but you can also create worlds of fiction .
 Future studies should also include a larger age range of children to document the age at which adult-like performance emerges .
 It is our belief that these international mechanisms play a significant and important role as guardians of the common human values we have together adopted .
 He was not baptized until about 360 - 366, when he had gone to Rome with his friend Bonosus of Sardica (who may or may not have been the same Bonosus whom Jerome identifies as his friend who went to live as a hermit on an island in the Adriatic) to pursue rhetorical and philosophical studies .
 Use a room that isn't used every day such as the formal dining or living room .
 I hope for a future in which all the countries of the region can live in a state of mutual respect and cooperation, without interference in each other’s affairs .
 This was a piece that the Times only quoted one stanza, but it's about preparation for a battle, and being prepared to either rise to the occasion, or go down :
 To the people of India, whose representatives we are, we make an appeal to join us with faith and confidence in this great adventure .
 York is a fairly small city - four days is enough to see the major sights although York is a city that reveals its charms to explorers with curiosity and patience .
 These participants were called "cases" in his original paper, but later came to be known as semantic roles or thematic relations, which are similar to theta roles in generative grammar .
 “It’s noggins here who wants to get rid of me … ”
 What are your thoughts on the job Bob McDonnell has done as Governor of Virginia ?
 A third, turning to face the new threat, took a blow to the face that audibly crunched the bones of his cheek .
 The tracks in the demo are from submicron carbonyl iron particles that were shot into aerogel using a particle accelerator modified to accelerate dust particles to very high speeds, to simulate the interstellar dust impacts that we're looking for .
 You are unlikely to have the time or ability to aim for a soft landing-spot, body of water, or other impact site that might improve your chances of survival .
 There Jerome learned Latin and at least some Greek, [11] though probably not the familiarity with Greek literature he would later claim to have acquired as a schoolboy. [12 ]
 Perhaps an Erasmus who writes against you, will do more for the Gospel, than certain dunderheads who support you .
 In 2015, an initiative was started to set up a Dutch speaking DH+Lib community in the Netherlands and Belgium, based on the example of the American communal space of librarians, archivists, LIS graduate students, and information specialists to discuss topics ‘Where the Digital Humanities and Libraries meet’ .
 Your appliances are also murder on the straps, which are almost always the first things to wear out on your overalls .
 I mention the historic nature of Vice President HARRIS’ ascendance, but let’s not forget that her successor, ALEX PADILLA, is the first Latino Senator to represent California; that RAFAEL WARNOCK, born while Georgia was represented in this Chamber by two staunch segregationists, is now the first African-American Senator Georgia has ever elected; and that JOHN OSSOFF is the first Jewish Senator from his State, sworn in today on a book of Hebrew Scripture once owned by the rabbi, who, decades ago, formed a bond between the Jewish and African-American communities of Georgia .
 It could look like almost the opposite: literature is kind of arts and mathematics is science but they also see a lot in common and there where mathematician who were writers .
 Furthermore, the satellite measurements of SSS are hampered by the effect of radio frequency interference (RFI) in offshore areas of China (i.e., Bohai sea, Yellow sea and East China sea), which causes a large amount of data to be discarded [33] .
 Jespersen in this theory of ranks removes the parts of speech from the syntax, and differentiates between primaries, secondaries, and tertiaries; e.g. in "well honed phrase," "phrase" is a primary, this being defined by a secondary, "honed", which again is defined by a tertiary "well" .
 Well now, he was the one that was up on the left, up there .
 And I thought it was horrible when it was broadcast on television, because boy, does that send signals to Putin and all of the other people that look at us and they say ,
 No, a random guy, who was like sitting about where you are .
 After several years in Rome, he travelled with Bonosus to Gaul and settled in Trier where he seems to have first taken up theological studies, and where, for his friend Tyrannius Rufinus, he copied Hilary of Poitiers' commentary on the Psalms and the treatise De synodis .
 Consequently, he was for the remainder of his life in high favour with the Tsar, who confided to him the command of his capital during his absence from Russia .
 If you want to take it a step further, look around questioningly at everyone in the elevator when no one gets off at the floors you pushed. [1 ]
 Several rental places also gives you the option of trained guide, which can both provide information about the sights you visit, and make sure you are safe .
 Who stood up for the values our Founders charged us to keep ?
 With Wikinews, Sarvis discusses his background, views on McDonnell's tenure, keys to campaign success, plan to implement his agenda, and the former Virginia governor he most admires .
 A more modern example of cultural imperialism may include the work of international aid agencies who introduce agricultural methods and plant species from developed countries while overlooking indigenous varieties and agricultural approaches that are better suited to the particular region .
 I can understand why some Republicans may not like it, but, as a Democrat, as one who believes in the Democratic Party, as one who believes that the Democratic Party has meant progress for this city, this State, and this country, I am proud to be here in Philadelphia .
 This accomplishes two things: first, you are able to immediately spot areas where you need to learn more, and second, you can check your summaries against the text to make certain what you know is correct and adequate .
 Cause that's what she does with other people .
 Space Shuttle Endeavour, which will launch on STS-134 at the end of the month on April 29, will be sent to the California Science Center in Los Angeles, California following its retirement .
 But the next time we visited his room we got to marvel at our toothy grins labelled and lined up on the shelf .
 God, I didn't spend the night, that's what makes me so mad, I'm grounded for nothing .
 The presence of thousands of National Guardsmen, police, and Secret Service was a reminder that 2 weeks ago, in this very room and on those very steps where President Biden took the oath, a mob of violent criminals tried to dismantle our democracy—our sacred democracy—brick by brick and would try again if they could .
 This is like the calmest water you might have seen .
 It is one, single message that is collaboratively curated by everybody .
 The island lies in deep water and has sheltered waters and bays which provide a resting place for humpbacks with calves .
 The traditional greeting known as the wai, where you press your hands together as is in prayer and bow slightly, is derived from the Hindu cultural influence from India, and still widely practised .
 I remember one of our ads that I had put in said, "If you think nice girls don't do S&M," -- I forgot what the rest of it said - -
 The past clings on to us still in some measure and we have to do much before we redeem the pledges we have so often taken .
 Besides, Steven had some really good stuff: sweets that stained your teeth bright red — well, technically, not your teeth, just the plaque, but the result was often the same .
 These facilities we've chosen have a noteworthy legacy of preserving space artifacts and providing outstanding access to U.S. and international visitors. "
 To do this, think of various words that begin with / have a lot of a certain vowel .
 The Maya were one Mesoamerican culture that had strong ties to Teotihuacan .
 How did you grow the site to the size it is today ?
 I would also like, on behalf of Albania, to convey to the Secretary-General our highest appreciation for his leading contribution to the fulfilment of the historical mission of the United Nations and to the aspirations of our peoples for a better world in which only peace, democracy and economic prosperity reign .
 Read up on different types of basil and pick out one - or several - that appeal to you, then order the seeds or buy them at a garden store .
 Ultimately, Great Britain, like France, disappointed the Confederacy’s hope of an alliance, leaving the outnumbered and out - resourced states that had left the Union to fend for themselves .
 Discussing his concern in a public statement, Malaysia's Prime Minister, Najib Razak said, "We are in contact with all relevant parties, with whom we share the desire to find a solution to this crisis" .
 Dalton’s atomic theory provides a microscopic explanation of the many macroscopic properties of matter that you’ve learned about .
 And a gas completely fills whatever shape container you put it in .
 The hardest thing in running this business, which is why people can't do it, is the relationship that my wife has with the gals and with the customers .
 But there has been no change in my concept of the goals which this country must strive for if it is to meet its responsibilities to its people and those who depend upon it .
 Rathbun wrote, "Moxon proceeded to lie to Daniel that the hard drives were never returned, and made a convincing case (not difficult to do with a 19 year old who does not even know the three branches of government) that Daniel would be put behind iron bars for a good long time, UNLESS of course, he returned and cooperated with Moxon and routed out properly. "
 Because we have no protection and we have no competence, we don't know what's happening .
 Finally, we offer further discussion and 16 recommendations for future replication work that draw on our narrative and systematic reviews and on our experience of carrying out multisite (Morgan-Short et al., 2018) 1 and single site (Faretta-Stutenberg & Morgan-Short, 2011; Marsden, Williams, & Liu, 2013; McManus & Marsden, 2017; Morgan-Short, Heil, Botero-Moriaty, & Ebert, 2012) replications .
 And so, uh a lot of the crews, uh, like Mitchell, who have people that work under him, around town, in regular situations, come to the people like me, and ask us to do payroll for them .
 It's much more fun when there are other people that can understand your language .
 When you study United States history, for example, you learn about more than just individual events that have happened in America’s past .
 I actually want to get one of those acrylic things where the lipsticks can just stand up in it and it looks super neat .
 1 Choose the kind of basil you wish to grow .
 I talked instead about the kind of America that I wanted for my family and for your family and all those who are citizens of this country in these difficult and changing years, the kind of America in which I believed, not as a Democrat or as a candidate, but as a citizen .
 When he became chairman of this city committee, there were 300,000 more Republicans registered in the city of Philadelphia than Democrats, and it is a source of satisfaction to me that tonight there are 260,000 more Democrats registered .
 Last week, I read 2,300 Humvees — these are big vehicles — were left behind for the enemy .
 As the National Organization of Black Law Enforcement Executives writes, ‘The passage of this act is paramount in achieving the fundamental principle of a police force that protects and serves every citizen of their community with fairness, accountability and transparency in their actions. ’
 Einstein preferred to think that it is space and time that are affected by the presence of a large mass; light beams, and everything else that travels through space and time, then find their paths affected .
 During one of these illnesses (about the winter of 373 - 374), he had a vision that led him to lay aside his secular studies and devote himself to God .
 Everyone expects things of Presidents, but I am not sure that they realize how much depends upon the Members of the House and the Members of the Senate who must make the final judgment on what kind of laws a President must execute .
 In the field of L2 research, given the importance of replication and the 50 calls for replication in L2 research that we identified, one might expect a substantial number of published replication studies by now .
 Follow your duty depending what type of player you are :
 For now, she appreciated its fight to cover the ham-stink that coated the room .
 Our experience of art develops from the interaction of several cognitive and affective processes; the beginning of which is a visual scan of the artwork .
 Thailand has recently cracked down on human trafficking, which has affected the routes by which people-smugglers transport migrants .
 If you have a spare bedroom that you aren’t using, why not sell that space to someone who wants and needs the space ?
 Earlier in this chapter, we discussed Evernote, a company that focuses on expanding our memories by storing and organizing information .
 Separate the colors of Skittles that you want to flavor the vodka with .
 Galois' cousin, Gabriel Demante, when asked if he knew the cause of the duel, mentioned that Galois "found himself in the presence of a supposed uncle and a supposed fiancé, each of whom provoked the duel. "
 What is known is that five days before his death, he wrote a letter to Chevalier which clearly alludes to a broken love affair. [7 ]
 You mentioned Larry Lessig's Free Culture, but it also includes some out of print titles by publishers who are open to the concept, such as O'Reilly .
 So I did bring that up, the whole thing I was talking about before in therapy, where I have a really hard time with my appearance .
 After graduating he attended Camp Wycliffe, where Bible translation theory was taught .
 There's supplies, and there's wear and tear and maintenance, and bookkeeping and things like that that you have to do .
 The best thing that I thought about this bookstore was that they mixed in new copies of books with used copies .
 They have been a time of achievement in which we can all be proud, achievements that represent the shared efforts of the Administration, the Congress, and the people .
 America is a nation that will endure .
 This error causes the incorrect display of the resulting geometry that should be drawn in the user interface after the operation applied to the two initial geometries (Figure 2) .
 The six - member Afghan team, which consists entirely of girls, had been denied visas to enter the United States until last week, drawing notice from critics of U.S. President Donald Trump's policies regarding Muslims traveling to the U.S .
 Anyone who's spent a lot of time on a farm with chickens is probably familiar with this trick .
 Just yesterday, Cabinet decided to extend for another week the travel restrictions that have been in place for China since 3 February and for Iran since last Friday .
 Whatever the reason, if people specialize in the production of what they do best, they will be more effective than if they produce a combination of things, some of which they are good at and some of which they are not .
 The countries of the region are fully engaged in a process that will lead us clearly toward Euro-Atlantic integration and at the same time continually remove us from the extremist tendencies that caused a number of conflicts in the last decade .
 No doubt there was, some two things that happened to be making noises at the same time .
 Isn't that what you gave the neighbor one time ?
 The Congressmen from this city as well as the Senator from this State - Bill Barrett and Bob Nix and Herman Toll and Jim Byrne and Chairman Green - have, with Joe Clark supported legislation month in and month out that benefited this city and this State and this country and, what is more, has helped make the United States meet its responsibilities around the globe .
 Well one of the first things he did was to back down on the promise of not expanding NATO to the east .
 Cheer the team today; (your boys in orange and blue) Let them hear you shout as they fight for what's mightily du e
 I don't know if you guys have seen those like TikToks where people try and drink different things like pickle juice and water and Gatorade .
 She died from infection caused by severe eczema after they shunned effective conventional medical treatments for homeopathy, a form of alternative medicine that has been described as pseudoscience .
 The first inhabitants of Coron were the Tagbanuas who belong to the second wave of Indonesians who migrated to this area some 5,000 years ago .
 On the other hand, we have passages of Scripture, which seem to indicate, that the will is not free, and that the –, and that man i- th- is – man is predestined by a an omnipotent sovereign will of God .
 So, my first symptom, which was on Monday, was a sore throat .
 That's a sign of arrogance, since it is very hard to be a truly good friend to someone who's stuck on themselves .
 However, the news reports (BBC etc.) were very encouraging in that the authorities were reportedly making strenuous efforts to evacuate the population from near the coast and areas that are prone to flooding .
 From all the press reports that I have read, the Indian government appears to have taken the threat of Cyclone Phailin very seriously indeed .
 And then in 2010 we just ... I don't know what happened .
 Fully aware of the role of education in a country’s development agenda, I am sure that the new initiatives being undertaken by School of Open Africa, the Creative Commons and UNESCO are making their contribution towards the social, economic, and political pillars which are the three fundamental cornerstones of our country, and indeed for our great continent .
 At that time he knew only vaguely that Hell was a place you did not want to go, like the dark basement or the even darker attic .
 From these data, we generate the mutation operator, in the form of on aspect, which will then be possible to interweave with the SUT which generates a mutant of the SUT .
 What culinary dishes would you recommend that go well with the Santorum cocktail ?
 It is the same virtuous circle that Wikipedia has enjoyed .
 I get tested on Wednesday, and when I'm tested on Wednesday, I remember that night, um I believe that was the day where I had actually gotten a fever and chills .
 One thing that I should say ... is that like all research, the outcome of what we are doing is highly uncertain .
 All I need is your signature so I can play the volleyball .
 Joshua Abraham Norton (c. 1818 – January 8, 1880), known as Emperor Norton, was a citizen of San Francisco, California, who in 1859 proclaimed himself "Norton I, Emperor of the United States" .
 But I will say with wash-n-go's a- on my channel, I always show you guys wash-n-go's where I put a gel on there .
 The median is a number that measures the center of the data .
 While most of the sporting venues were located outside the city proper - in various locations throughout Attica - the entire urban area of Athens underwent major lasting changes that have improved the quality of life for visitors and residents alike .
 Focus your list on including the things you typically put off, not the things you are sure to do on a regular basis .
 The particular advantages may be based on educational choices, which are in turn shaped by interests and talents .
 I didn't understand what she'd said except that they were visiting .
 is there anything similar with The Onion where they continually revisit a topic or person ?
 They will go away because we as Americans have the capacity now, as we've had in the past, to do whatever needs to be done to preserve this last and greatest bastion of freedom .
 Alternatively the snitch can be a small yellow ball (tennis balls work great) that is hidden before the game starts by a bystander or referee .
 Okay, so that was the basis on which then shortly after the Soviet Union collapsed .
 Byron fell in love with Mary Chaworth, whom he met while at school, [6] and she was the reason he refused to return to Harrow in September 1803 .
 Watch this video on the creation of a crop vacuum that sucks up insects and bugs to learn more .
 I wanted to get these out to you guys because you guys have been asking for styling products since the beginning, so I'm so glad to finally have actual styling products that I can, um, you know, present to you guys .
 The same guy who got his — the same guy who's  —
 So I have a mini-MMPI that I - -
 In 1960, the Democrats of this city produced a margin in the presidential race that was in this city three times as large as it was in the whole United States .
 These responses have the added benefit of being natural launching points for conversations about your hobbies, like the writing you're doing on the side and the great bourbon you tasted the other day .
 The solutions we seek must be equitable, with no one group singled out to pay a higher price .
 it is a transmedia system in the sense first used by Marsha Kinder (1991) and popularized by Henry Jenkins (2006), in which media-hopping networks of intertextualities extend the “storyworld” of an original production .
 Such a formal orientation that typifies this type of structural equivalence is called a "gloss translation" in which the translator aims at reproducing as literally and meaningfully as possible the form and content of the original .
 And let it be a message to those terrorists who desecrated this temple of democracy that they will never prevail .
 Apparently, however, Galois did not ignore Poisson's advice, as he began collecting all his mathematical manuscripts while still in prison, and continued polishing his ideas until his release on 29 April 1832, [12] after which he was somehow talked into a duel. [8 ]
 The samples we have are small in terms of numbers and they are all preserved in formalin (a kind of formaldehyde solution) .
 The innovator’s dilemma was presented by Clayton Christensen to explain disruptive technology, which are technologies that, once introduced, displace established patterns, processes, and systems previously accepted as normal or accepted .
 It was the first time she had been to his apartment, and she stood square in the center of his bedroom, her arms folded against her body as if she was afraid to sit down, to touch something .
 You never know what's gonna happen on Saturdays for me .
 For local transportation or air-port / train station services, there are several local taxi companies that are reliable .
 Prepare a potting mix that is equal parts soil and rough pumice or sand and fill the appropriate number of pots with it .
 Cuz I actually did not know and actually didn't realize what that symbol meant until I heard other people talking about it and I was like wait what? .
 For many visitors, the first place they are likely to visit is Downtown, especially if they are in town on business, or simply do not know where to start .
 The idea is to play fish except every time you get a match you’re supposed to do what it says .
 My first attempt at building this resource was a website I used to run called eHow .
 Some 85 percent were formerly enslaved people who were fighting for the liberation of all of the enslaved and the end of slavery .
 Yet in spite of this somewhat unstable shifting, the Koinonia was ruled peacefully for nearly two decades, at which point Theodorus predicted he would soon die .
 It is made up of men and women who raise our food, patrol our streets, man our mines and factories, teach our children, keep our homes, and heal us when we're sick — professionals, industrialists, shopkeepers, clerks, cabbies, and truck drivers .
 This was a very difficult decision, but one that was made with the American public in mind .
 This means we can't look at the issue you raise with these animals .
 nevertheless, he was treated deferentially in San Francisco, and currency issued in his name was honored in the establishments he frequented .
 We aim to investigate the contributions of the use of a system that integrates cognitive digital games to a database, of the Escola do Cérebro, for monitoring and improvement of cognitive skills, highlighting the attention .
 Cause that's the same way you're multiplying there, square root of nine, that — and square root of nine equals three .
 Voters who meet me and hear me speak know that I am sincere, know that I understand the issues deeply and have workable solutions, and know that I stand on principle against cronyism and corporatism and in favor of the rule of law and the public interest .
 “Just make sure there are no pixies in the coffee pot, is all I ask. ”
 At first I thought the children meant my father, whose golden skin, the color of the night-monkey’s pelt, was a rarity in the islands; but certainly the children of Tyom were familiar with my father, and would never have greeted a council-member with such ill-mannered yells .
 It's very soft stone that you can easily carve .
 As one thats battled hard through many a broken dream Let me say, "in order to rise to the occasion you must be willing to go down with the ship" ,
 It is often grouped depending on its uses that are distributed for heating and cooling, lighting, operating appliances etc [1 ]
 In the time it takes me to explain she grasps and loses the words, grasps and loses phrases as they go past .
 Exhibit goers then became part of the very exhibit they had wanted to attend .
 I want to thank the team at NASA for once again showing that that’s who we are—that’s who we are as a nation: a nation of possibilities .
 ICT provides a platform that enables the realization of these goals .
 We were coming with comics, like, left and right, we were coming up with things like Karis, in high school she came up with that one, I came up with an individual story called Thad's World Destruction and, she wanted to illustrate it, and so, that's the way we ended up doing it .
 I – all the clinics were closed by the time that she had gotten her results which was around like 6:00 pm .
 We must now ensure that the one quarter of the world's people who live in the People's Republic of China will be and remain not our enemies, but our friends .
 The band of light that had indicated the sun had long since disappeared; for the sun had ceased to set—it simply rose and fell in the west, and grew ever broader and more red .
 For example, let’s say American society decided that atheists, people who do not believe that God exists, were evil and should be imprisoned or expelled from the country .
 Padalecki had an uncredited role as a high school bully in 2003's comedy Cheaper by the Dozen, which he played after being asked by fellow actor and friend Tom Welling, who played Charlie Baker, and the director of the movie, who wanted someone larger than Charlie to pick on him .
 The people of Philadelphia gave that support, and the support I received from this city and this State was, as it was in the 1960 convention, the key to our victory across the country .
 Look at Turkey, who is knocking on the doors of the united Europe .
 In particular, they wanted to know about the relationship between the speed at which blood flows and its pressure .
 Overall, one also finds that the comparison between the beautiful and the sublime — which defined the influential aesthetics of Edmund Burke (1729–1797) and Immanuel Kant, and consequently became an iconic discourse in Western aesthetics — is also missing in the Chinese history of aesthetics .
 Once again, the first and fundamental questions, disputed in fifteen sixteen, and fifteen seventeen, and again in Heidelberg, in April of fifteen eighteen, with which Luther had opened the assault on scholastic theology, were debated .
 But the rest of it was all real clear, a few ottle- — some of it was chipped off, you know, it was old but, and d- — and down at the bottom, of this, this rubble, was this little man who was a scientist .
 As he dismounted in front of the house I heard my mother whispering: “Protect us, God with the Black-and-White Tail, from that which is not of this earth. ”
 that the citizen has not that protection of person and property which he is entitled .
 Cynthia Thompson, curator and director of exhibits at the University of Arkansas, Fayetteville, said, "These images serve as documentation of people in his every day life and art - one which many of us enjoy a glimpse into. "
 Those who've never heard of this will be amazed to see a chicken lie perfectly still after these instructions are followed .
 Any — pretty much any time you can  —
 And it shows what we can achieve, what more we can discover, not just about distant places, but about our very own planet and climate, like NASA’s Earth System Observatory that we launched last year .
 The House did its job and did so with the solemnity required when undertaking the process of impeachment, which we did not seek but accepted as our responsibility under the Constitution .
 Um, it looks like she's got a spiral fracture, of um, of her tibia, which is the bone between the knee and the hock, and, um, it's f- it's really looks, pretty stable .
 In South Africa I'm drinking instant coffee that is from Bremen .
 The reaction that the luminol and hydrogen peroxide creates doesn't last long at all -- maybe a couple of minutes .
 Around this time he had copied for him a Hebrew Gospel, of which fragments are preserved in his notes, and is known today as the Gospel of the Hebrews, and which the Nazarenes considered to be the true Gospel of Matthew. [19 ]
 Photos released of the scene showed numerous bloodied bodies and various scattered debris .
 Many arrogant people have a false charm that no one seems to see through .
 Throw on some old clothes or put a smock over clothes you want protected .
 There is no denying that there are words which we feel instinctively to be adequate to express the ideas they stand for. ”
 In learning, it can be thought of as a trait that drives a person to keep trying until they succeed .
 For our readers who are unaware of your site, could you briefly explain what wikiHow is ?
 Her father is a chemist who holds several patents and she has one older brother. [6 ]
 That future is not one of ease or resting but of incessant striving so that we may fulfill the pledges we have so often taken and the one we shall take today .
 What results are two completely separate reviews of “The Rains of Castamere” which in turn document the fans’ reactions to the episode in the form of user comment threads :
 However, a systematic metascience on replication research has not yet been established in the field of L2 research, leaving a poor understanding of the actual number and nature of replication studies that have been published .
 Um, Jesus turned to his disciples, you remember, when some deserted him, and seemed, because they were disappointed in some of his sayings, and they were offended by some of the things he said, and they walked no longer with him it said .
 This is a very exciting moment to join you for the unveiling of the work that you have been laboring on for decades .
 Regular tourists who renew their 30 day visa are eligible to depart the country (to any destination) and return immediately enjoying a further 60 days (30 days plus a 30 day extension) .
 He couldn't count the number of capital ships that dominated the Enemy's frontline .
 Besides the atmospheric effects, the increasing of sea surface emissivity due to the sea surface roughness and foam effects is the main source of error, which could significantly hamper the accuracy of SSS retrieval [11] .
 Socotra Island is very rich and is home to many rare spectacular species of reefs, fish, birds, plants, and trees which are not found anywhere else in the world .
 The technology that Frank and his colleagues are using to explore the ice is so important because, given our lack of data, we have no reasonable expectation of what it should be like, or what it shouldn't be like .
 After his expulsion became official in January 1831, he attempted to start a private class in advanced algebra which attracted some interest, but this waned, as it seemed that his political activism had priority. [4] [7 ]
 That makes it much easier to find places than in cities where streets go every which way .
 Other countries, including the ones you mention, have stronger social orientations in all aspects of society .
 Spiritually and culturally important to Moriori, it holds the last known concentration of momori-rakau, or tree carvings done by the ancestors of today's Moriori .
 Closing Loopholes and putting in place a system that is transparent and works .
 The area that now encompasses Phoenix was a center of the Hohokam culture, which built large canal systems and a network of towns and villages, whose remains may be viewed in the city to this day .
 From the later 1800s to the 1920s Mérida enjoyed prosperous boom times fueled by the henequen or sisal plant harvest, which made Yucatán the rope maker to the world .
 The Onion has a different creative process where we are not trying to hit everything in the 24 hours and on the same notes .
 If you’re in an elevator that is playing music, start to dance .
 I had buried my husband in a lead box sunk into the mud of the bottom of the river, where all the riverboatmen lie .
 There are there are mysteries in this house that I'm not even aware of .
 Salinity is one of the most important marine parameters, which controls many processes such as physical circulations, biogeochemistry dynamics from regional to global ocean [1,2] .
 If it's inherently negative, then they're either over-zealous, ignorant of other people or what to avoid those that contradict their fantasy land that caters to them and them only .
 You won't be tripping over boxes and you can have a better idea of what you have and where things are .
 She was described by The Guardian of London as the 'Queen of the curve', who "liberated architectural geometry, giving it a whole new expressive identity. "
 One of Gordon's greatest achievements was securing permission from the Tsars to establish the first Roman Catholic church and school in Muscovy, of which he remained the main benefactor, and headed the Catholic community in Russia until his death .
 I congratulate School of Open teams across Africa for the innovative and transformative mode of teaching and learning that we are launching today .
 Montalvo had read an article in the Scientology propaganda publication Freedom Magazine, which attacked high-ranking defectors from the organization including Tom Devocht and Mark Rathbun .
 But the real number, the real number is anywhere from 18 to 19 and maybe even 21 percent, and nobody talks about it, because it's a statistic that's full of nonsense .
 The founders of Airbnb recognized that some people have unused resources, bedrooms, that other people need .
 "He's hanging out with the celebrities, and has kind of become the same sort of celebrity he was interested in documenting earlier in his career", Wilkins said .
 She would cry from frustration when the older children could do something that she couldn't — like tie knots, or catch a chicken .
 One example of a disruptive technology is Airbnb, a company that threatens the established hotel industry by connecting personal resources to people who desire those resources .
 Well I finally found some people there I can dance with .
 I feel like two years is kind of the limit that I've seen so far .
 Ladies and gentlemen, as you may be aware, the Country’s development blue print is being implemented through successive five- year Medium Term Plans (MTPs) that will finally enable the country to achieve the long-term goals .
 His mother wrote, "He has no indisposition that I know of but love, desperate love, the worst of all maladies in my opinion. In short, the boy is distractedly in love with Miss Chaworth." [6 ]
 As far as I can tell, podiobooks.com features "free as in beer" content — material which you can download, but which isn't under a free content license .
 There are several businesses on Chatham Island that will rent you a vehicle .
 That's not what I — that's not what I said .
 I took the robe I’d brought from the bathroom and wrapped it around her shoulders .
 Like Wikipedia, wikiHow is a wiki that runs on Mediawiki software .
 To bring freedom and opportunity to the common man, to the peasants and workers of India; to fight and end poverty and ignorance and disease; to build up a prosperous, democratic and progressive nation, and to create social, economic and political institutions which will ensure justice and fullness of life to every man and woman .
 The most enduring of those was with John FitzGibbon, 2nd Earl of Clare — four years Byron's junior — whom he was to meet unexpectedly many years later in Italy (1821). [22 ]
 "He is a person who studies the way people live .
 She had several ideas, and she used to draw a lot in the sketchbook, she used to have this thick sketchbook that she used to carry around with her everywhere, where she'd draw these different characters and whatnot ;
 It was in the spectral summer when the moon shone down on the old garden where I wandered; the spectral summer of narcotic flowers and humid seas of foliage that bring wild and many-coloured dreams .
 My spirits recovered, and as soon as I had got into my habit, I followed him to the garden I have already told about .
 That year, Marbles started her career with Barstool Sports, where she wrote for their female-oriented site StoolLaLa .
 Well those people who are doing research .
 "Someone emailed me earlier today talking about a tool a group’s been using to attack the scientology website .
 Environment Canada spokesperson Julie Hahn said they apply to letters of complaint, criticism or injury, research or scientific notes and findings that don`t have any conclusion, and Treasury Board letters, agendas and minutes that don`t deal with subjects of national interest .
 And the way it's marketed, and the way we're d- — we develop needs for it .
 The results we got are very reliable .
 McDonnell did well early in his term pushing back against Senate Democrats who wanted huge tax increases in response to major revenue shortfalls during the recession .
 You can also sometimes find someone who owns a pet snake .
 By taking this action, I hope that I will have hastened the start of that process of healing which is so desperately needed in America .
 While in the United States, Dvořák wrote his two most successful orchestral works: the Symphony From the New World, which spread his reputation worldwide, [4] and his Cello Concerto, one of the most highly regarded of all cello concerti .
 Eventually, she got the break she was so eager for :
 Rather than passively attempting to absorb new information, you will learn how to make conscious decisions about the methods of learning you will use (based on what you intend to do with the information), how you will select and use learning materials that are appropriate for your needs, and how persistent you will be in the learning activity .
 We start from the widely agreed premise that testing the reproducibility of findings should have an essential role in the testing and refinement of theory, at least for hypothesis-testing epistemologies that seek to ascertain generalizability and for other epistemologies in which constructs are deemed to be definable and observable .
 Hugh McGuire with some books that have not yet been acoustically liberated .
 Those who do work are denied a fair return for their labor by a tax system which penalizes successful achievement and keeps us from maintaining full productivity .
 He also had the lead role in the 2009 version of Friday the 13th as Clay Miller, a character who heads out to Camp Crystal Lake in search of his sister who has gone missing. [12 ]
 The city suffered minor damage during WWII, and suffered extensive urban planning in the decades that followed, as the nation rapidly industrialized and urbanized .
 The hardest part was probably to overcome the gagging reflex that set in when you bit down into the acrid resin jelly and it flowed out and up and around, over teeth, gums and tongue .
 I am sure that the reasons for war are over, even though still there are wars which are an inertia from the past, a continuation that doesn’t make sense .
 Nearly all are in the eastern portion of the state, one factor that led to war with Mexico in 1846 .
 Tropical cyclones are sustained by a form of energy called latent heat, which is released by moisture evaporated from the ocean that condenses to form rain .
 Stardust is a NASA Discovery mission that was launched in 1999 .
 Achieving these objectives requires the creation of inclusive institutions, which guarantee the right to private property, incorporate an impartial legal system, and promote a society based on equality of conditions [16] .
 There’s a 24 hour comedy news cycle that exists on all the late night talk shows .
 Mention people you know that they don't like .
 I remember going into Hollywood Magic and wanting that big red box with the dragons on it and I didn't even know what it did .
 There are perennial basils which come back year after year, like African Blue Basil (which has pretty blue veins on its leaves) and Thai Basil, while most other varieties are annuals, which you'll have to plant year after year .
 And I remember at one point I checked my temperature's only like 98.7, but at another point it was like 101 or something really high that was obviously a fever .
 And then he turned to those who remained, and he said, will ye also go away ?
 It exchanges the coordinate system of a geometry, so it does not match the coordinate system that is being used in the user interface .
 This is the fifth time I've been at a World Cup but it felt like the first .
 Jealousy of your achievements or seeming lifestyle can cause another person to feel smug or arrogant about something they think they do better than you or own / have that you don't .
 We then drilled a tunnel to a pot (the foraging arena), where the ants got the choice between the food with medicine and the food without .
 Thin translucent shadows move across her — the shadows of the neosilk-and-nanotube filaments that hang the city from the hundreds of five-kilometer-high towers that encircle it .
 More recently, he erred in accepting a transportation bill that had huge flaws and huge tax increases, rather than prioritizing spending and seeking more rational, efficient, decentralized transportation decision-making .
 Quartiles are numbers that separate the data into quarters .
 He felt his hand tighten on the flight helmet he held, swallowing hard .
 Some archival investigation on the original letters suggests that the woman of romantic interest was a Mademoiselle Stéphanie-Félicie Poterin du Motel, [18] the daughter of the physician at the hostel where Galois stayed during the last months of his life .
 There is also the Desert Rose (adenium obesium) which looks like a blooming elephant leg .
 "The way she drew a staircase you would smash your head against the ceiling, and the space was reducing and reducing, and you would end up in the upper corner of the ceiling .
 We’ve seen mass strikes all around the world, in countries that we wouldn’t expect it .
 This can create a dilemma: Do we try something new and unproven that lacks documented research ?
 Many southwest Asian kingdoms, such as Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and the United Arab Emirates, have absolute monarchs whose power is unrestricted .
 His parents were always too busy and often a little too serious, but his grandmother had a sense of peace about her, a lightness that lifted his spirit .
 In 1892, after seeing the success of a classmate, Kaho Tanabe, who wrote a novel, Higuchi decided to become a novelist to support her family .
 There are electronic units sold that emit an ultrasonic beeping sound that rodents hate .
 In 2000, he was cast as Dean Forester on the television series Gilmore Girls, a role he played until 2005 .
 It was the same rich green that one sees on forest moss or on the lichen in caves: plants which like these grow in a perpetual twilight .
 Most of the rooms at these hotels have their own bathroom, but there are a few rooms at the Hafijj Hotel and Socotra Hotel that must share bathrooms .
 We go through a number of drafts and then have the editors pick it up and assign the photojournalism aspect of it to our graphic design team, who adds the visual aspect to it .
 Conversations for first thing in the morning what the heck, it's not even 11:00 a.m., but hi, just coming right out of the gate, just with what's fresh on my mind .
 Black Up actually has twenty four months of shelf life for their lip pencils which is really really good .
 I don't know what that means .
 Jeff Rathke, the State Department Spokesperson, said, "We urge the governments of the region to work together quickly, first and foremost, to save the lives of migrants now at sea who are in need of an immediate rescue effort" .
 You’ve probably got them just the way you like them, but if you move the adjusters up or down on the straps occasionally, the straps will last longer .
 She looks at me and then at Renata, who is smiling, and finally submits uncomprehendingly .
 And the m- — the reason they were showing us this at college, was just, to get us, to know if our trimmer, and shoer was doing it right, and — plus the knowledge of knowing the bones and ligaments .
 It welcomed Albania's contribution to regional stability and cooperation and committed to assess our further progress at the next NATO summit, which would hopefully mark the start of negotiations for our full membership in the alliance .
 That was last night, the second night Renata didn’t come home .
 Civil Defense Authority director General Suleiman al-Amr, in remarks to al-Ikhbariya television, said "All those who were wounded and the dead have been taken to hospital. There are no casualties left at the location. "
 This is exploited by the wing of an aeroplane which is designed to create an area above its surface where the air velocity increases .
 For example, the name Kusiilay 1 ‘the language of Essil’, is the name given by speakers of Kujireray to the Eegimaa language, because Essil, of which Bajjat was a district, is the village which has a border with their village .
 Then earlier this year these shirts started to come out that said, "Poet says We Know" .
 I guess all I can't figure out is, what the square root of negative two thir – thi – two thirds is .
 So the next product is the Angelic Clear Coarse Jelly with aloe plus rosemary, and it's a curl-defining and light-to-medium whole jelly, and it's enriched with aloe vera juice, which is amazing .
 Most versions in English are called The Chemical Wedding of Christian Rosencreutz, which suggests (and most people who’ve heard of it suppose) that the wedding is Christian’s .
 By "sample return" of course I mean a mission that brings back extraterrestrial material .
 As discussed earlier, another nondemocratic form of government is oligarchy, in which a handful of elite members of society, often those who belong to a particular political party, hold all political power .
 The Ethnologue language codes are provided for language varieties that have them .
 'Vogel' comes from German, which means bir d
 For those of you who hadn't already watched that video, I'm gonna link that video right here so that you can watch it .
 Lots of jokes rehash the same ground and sometimes they retell a story countless other jokes have told .
 Next to the door was a tall wrought-iron candle holder — the kind that stood at either end of the altar .
 I love them and they are definitely the right size because I have two other pairs of Vans that are this size, but one of these ones is like messed up or something .
 You know what I think, I think the first time that it does the card mode, it takes a long time .
 We start with the headline and then flesh out the story, as opposed to The New York Times, which writes the issue and then has a headline editor to make it snappy .
 That's what the feeling was .
 The girl who stood before the tall desk was red-headed .
 Oh here's one you can open .
 Uh I do emphasize that I'm reading it, this is not evidence, this is only y- your story, that you've told Mr. Roberts .
 We are aware of six studies designed to investigate the effects of a substantial period of limited exposure following adult L2 training [17], [18], [21]–[24], all of which were restricted to the examination of behavioral (performance) outcomes .
 Around the same time, Fillmore's Santa Cruz Lectures on Deixis, delivered in 1971 and published in 1975, contributed to establishing the field of linguistic pragmatics, which studies the relationship between linguistic form and the context of utterance. [7] [8 ]
 The magician behind the counter was wise enough not to sell it to me, but instead sold me two books which I still own today - "Scarne on Card Tricks" and "Scarne on Magic Tricks" .
 Try to be playful and even slightly sarcastic as you respond to the statements of the person you're talking to .
 It's what makes America great. "
 Then we stood, unable to keep from staring at the stranger, who faced us awkwardly, half-smiling, taller than any man there .
 But I was approached by – I want to say – at least three different people who asked me if I did bird watching like very seriously .
 Well that’s kind of an unending war, so do we want NATO to exist, do we want there to be a Western military alliance that carries out these activities, with no pretense of defense ?
 They're just sort of like what I thought of as I was making this video .
 As you may be aware, the ICT Authority rolled out the National ICT Master plan that will set the pace for progression of the country in ICT for the next five years .
 But a lot of times we kinda, like, deal with it because, you know, the gel is what's gonna keep our hair in place and make it actually last .
 For something that lasts hours, go to the next method (which is a lot easier to facilitate if you have access to a laboratory, but it's still worth mentioning) .
 That I should be the leader of this new Senate majority is an awesome responsibility—awesome in the Biblical sense, as the angels that tremble in awe before God .
 I have no idea what it says, but I think they're cough drops, so if anybody knows what this says let me know .
 All but 10 of the remaining passengers on the flight, who are not considered to be close contacts, have also been contacted to provide reassurance and answer any questions they might have; those 10 that haven't been contacted did not provide accurate contact information .
 Marbles was born and raised in Rochester, New York, where she graduated from Brighton High School in 2004 .
 There's nothing I really feel like eating .
 There are many different ways of playing Quidditch, but the most commonly used set of rules are those given by the International Quidditch Association (which can be found here) .
 Instead of a job description, I just wrote them a poem, a prayer, which I'm going to read to you as a conclusion .
 Like that's definitely what I want .
 And I just left Starbucks, don't mind what I look like .
 Another theme Higuchi repeated was the ambition and cruelty of the Meiji middle class .
 Nida also developed the componential analysis technique, which split words into their components to help determine equivalence in translation (e.g. "bachelor" = male + unmarried) .
 History will judge poorly those who choose fear of their party over the courage to do the right thing .
 You guys wake me up every time I'm trying to take a little nap .
 We mixed different concentrations of ROS with the spores, plated them out on petridishes with an agar-solution where fungus can grow on .
 On this day our first thoughts go to the architect of this freedom, the Father of our Nation, who, embodying the old spirit of India, held aloft the torch of freedom and lighted up the darkness that surrounded us .
 He had effervescent tablets that turned the canteen drinking water into that exact same pink mixture that the dentist gave you to rinse your mouth out after scraping around inside, and guaranteed to make the other kids splutter and spit it out when the taste slowly percolated through and met the memory of their last checkup .
 She was eventually sent to Rehabilitation Project Force in Sydney, which the Church describes as a religious retreat, but critics charge is a forced work camp .
 Two bright red oval spheres were set into an eye-level groove that ran all around, the “eyes” themselves slanted into a menacing and intimidating scowl .
 When we do the payroll for them, we state to them up front, that uh, we will pay the payroll, we will make the deductions, and then the employer contribution, which is approximately twenty-six percent, over and above the hourly wage, is also deducted, from the um subcontractor's check .
 They're sending people that have lots of problems, and they're bringing those problems with us .
 By adopting contemporary legislation and by becoming a party to other recently adopted international instruments on human rights, Albania has associated itself with countries that are enforcing a number of national strategies and programmes focusing on specific population groups, especially women, children, persons in need and minorities, among others .
 Just by saying "Taiwan can help", we mean specifically, 17, 18, which is the availability of reliable data that people from across sectors, across jurisdictions, can trust the data .
 All I can say is, the women aren't all over me .
 That's the reason why I had him fill out that portion of, or he wanted to write those checks, was so I would save that money, so I would do that job .
 Every joke has a “target,” which is what the joke is about .
 List everything, big and small, that you have to do for your entire day; break big activities into smaller bits if necessary .
 You have a long career in poetry, but as of late the attention you have garnered is for the Mets-inspired work .
 Uh, I went to receive my check, of which, we had agreed that he would deduct the amount of the hourly wage, that he was  —
 2. The purpose of the author and of the translator: to give information on both form and content; to aim at full intelligibility of the reader so he / she may understand the full implications of the message; for imperative purposes that aim at not just understanding the translation but also at ensuring no misunderstanding of the translation .
 Fillmore spent three years in the U.S. Army stationed in Japan, where he intercepted coded Russian conversations on short-wave radio and taught himself Japanese. [2 ]
 To continue to fight through the months ahead for my personal vindication would almost totally absorb the time and attention of both the President and the Congress in a period when our entire focus should be on the great issues of peace abroad and prosperity without inflation at home .
 Set aside an area of the house where you can put all the packed boxes .
 Well it was a review for some people, depending on what time of the year you took it .
 “It’s an implant that will let them know where you are, and how you are .
 Every time I got up .
 At the end of his life the Tsar, who had visited Gordon frequently during his illness, was with him when he died, and with his own hands closed his eyes .
 For a generous girl, a girl who took off her clothes with abandon, she was remarkably close-mouthed about some things .
 And I am also proud to be here with your former Governor who is now working for us in Washington as our adviser on fair housing, Governor Dave Lawrence, of the State of Pennsylvania .
 Last year in my section at the stadium I had a banner that read We Know' .
 The interquartile range is a number that indicates the spread of the middle half, or the middle 50 percent of the data .
 In a context where a minor miscalculation can lead to a major confrontation, we must do everything possible to push for reason and restraint .
 Scientists who study cognition are searching for ways to understand how we integrate, organize, and utilize our conscious cognitive experiences without being aware of all of the unconscious work that our brains are doing (for example, Kahneman, 2011) .
 The expropriation of YPF is a case in which the Argentine State presents predatory behavior, encouraged by an extractive institutional framework .
 Ambiguity frightens arrogant people because it suggests imperfection, change and lack of certainty (realities we all must contend with as best we can) .
 After the exchange of fire, North Korea stated it would attack any loudspeakers broadcasting propaganda and would respond, militarily, within 48 hours if the broadcasts do not stop .
 And as I watched the ripples that told of the writhing of worms beneath, I felt a new chill from afar out whither the condor had flown, as if my flesh had caught a horror before my eyes had seen it .
 How can light, which has no mass, be affected by gravity ?
 She handed me a shirt she bought at the stadium and she gave me a big hug .
 Wilkins said," [Warhol] liked the way photo booths and the Polaroid's front flash looked" .
 You can find fodder lots of places — from your life, joke files online, by repurposing jokes you’ve heard in the past, and so on .
 The Senate must immediately set to work on the mission President Biden described—restoring the greatness and goodness of America .
 You find that while this reinforces some of the knowledge you have gained, it does not ensure you have all the information you will need to do well on the test .
 This is an effort that is underway .
 I must emphasize that Creative Commons through the School of Open Africa has provided a good example of innovative use of ICT in education that resonates well with the Kenya National ICT Master Plan .
 The group whose three robots collectively earned the most points won that match .
 Reflection allows us to obtain the list of classes and methods of the SUT, so the user can decide the methods to wish the operators will be applied .
 The rocks about me were of a harsh reddish colour, and all the trace of life that I could see at first was the intensely green vegetation that covered every projecting point on their south-eastern face .
 We can go places no one has ever gone before .
 Could I have a sample, not necessarily one that's filled out, but just one that you - -
 The bunch that no one picked for their side at football or hockey, and that was the glue that held us together .
 What qualifications do you have that will assist you in executing the duties of president ?
 People like the fact that I stand for a Virginia that is both Open-minded and Open for Business .
 After exposing the ants to the fungus, we took pictures of each foraging arena three times per day, and counted how many ants were present on each food-source .
 I could not help arching my back a little, I wanted to push against his hand like a cat but the instinct that comes with being thirteen, the half-understood caution that makes a girl timid, or wild, the shyness told me to just walk .
 There are groups which express the symmetry of some structures .
 So you don’t have writers coming up with a story and headline, but you will instead have a team of writers choosing the best headlines and then assign it to a particular writer who was not necessarily involved ?
 Citing privacy rules, U.S. officials have not said why the team was initially denied visas, but Afghan Ambassador Hamdullah Mohib says there were concerns they would attempt to remain in the United States or in Canada after the contest .
 This fact, Street claims, gives rise to a dilemma for moral realists concerning the relation of the evolutionary forces that influenced our moral judgments and the moral facts claimed to exist by moral realists .
 Runs batted in 17 1
 And this is a, eight-thousand-yard job, that we did this summer .
 This visa, which is really little more than a piece of paper on which you list your vital statistics, costs between 15 - 25 CUC (or € 15 - 25), depending on where purchased .
 York was known as Eboracum by the Romans, who founded the fortress city on the River Ouse in the year 71 .
 I think by using emails on the one hand which are more the voice of the woman Eva and narrative which is more the perspective of the man Adam, I kind of confront them, their different perspective and then kind somehow you can see the distortions in the way the story is told .
 Through good and ill fortune alike, she has never lost sight of that quest, forgotten the ideals which gave her strength .
 We have no choice but to try to work together every day to reward the faith the American people have placed in us .
 The achievement we celebrate today is but a step, an opening of opportunity to the greater triumphs and achievements that await us .
 I think that providing people with a practical education is one of the most empowering things you can offer a person .
 One of them is the channels that NBC as the broadcasting rights owner for the United States will use to air the Paralympic Games on .
 Her video "How To Avoid Talking To People You Don't Want To Talk To "was featured in articles by The New York Times and ABC News in August 2011 .
 And I just think it didn't help me seeing people at their worst at the very beginning, because all you hear is doom and gloom .
 If the task we are trying to complete is a difficult one, it can take a lot of work .
 On the other hand, there are already machines that can replace our memory .
 Back then I didn't so much think as observe, didn't deduce so much as remember — and what I remembered was a thousand inspirational stories lauding anyone who ever stuck up for the underdog .
 The one who lasts the longest gets to draw an extra card .
 So so far this morning I've just read a few studies (it's a little slow in the morning) of general nuclear medicine because a lot of stuff takes time for the radio tracers to go into the body or the specific organ we are targeting, so we have to wait a little bit in the morning .
 Even though they might not be the best way to get around the island, a ride on the bus is still an experience you should not miss .
 So this first product that I'm going to show you guys is the Nourished by Shawnta Curl Defining and Soft Hold Styler, which is enriched with sesame seed oil and rose essence .
 Then the Japanese gardens you do have to pay for but I will say that it was definitely worth it .
 This town is comprised of a large residential community that includes Fort Lee natives, transplants from New York, and immigrants, especially from Korea .
 Because of my academic and professional background, I understand the issues and challenges facing Virginia much better than the other candidates, and I am offering real solutions that can be appreciated across the political spectrum .
 Though its original readers would have had a certain amount of context for the truly bizarre and surprising events it tells of, it’s possible that The Chemical Wedding is now more enjoyable without knowing that context, and experiencing the book unmediated .
 This is necessary to remove the excess saponins on the outside of the grains which impart a bitter flavor to quinoa if not removed .
 The only other Pirates player to have a four-hit game so early in his career was Jack Merson, who went 4-for-5 in his second major league game on September 15, 1951. [11 ]
 For the remainder of the year, short stays are permitted, which is interpreted by the authorities as a day or a night .
 Madam Speaker, this afternoon, Senators will be asked to vote on the two Articles of Impeachment the House presented on abuse of power and the obstruction of Congress .
 What about the adage, “Those who forget history are doomed to repeat it” ?
 To complete the analogy, we need something that normally travels in a straight line (as light does) .
 The day it rained in the garde n
 You know, most people that you would get to trim your horse do it all the time .
 We show that the form is locally calibrated in ways that show it fitting within different language systems .
 Although it seems Theodorus practiced complete submission to the new leader of the Koinonia, problems soon arose in several Pachomian monasteries that viewed Horsiesios as a weak leader .
 Because decisions are made through majority rule, making your opinions known and voting for those men and women who make decisions that affect all of us are critical and influential forms of civic engagement in a representative democracy such as the United States .
 We live in an epistemic environment that is heavily and deliberately polluted by agents who use mimicry and other methods as a means of inflating their pretense to expertise .
 Chao possessed a natural gift for hearing fine distinctions in pronunciation that was said to be "legendary for its acuity", enabling him to record the sounds of various dialects with a high degree of accuracy .
 It required us to, employ, oh five or six crews, uh Mitchell Roberts was one of them that we used, on the job .
 They were allocated land and rebuilt a prosperous community that was a key part of an Armenian trade network extending from Singapore and India to Venice and Amsterdam .
 If your “big project” is something that can’t be done in one sitting, make a list of small parts of it that you can accomplish today .
 All you said last night was  —
 Kúlaakiay, ‘the language of village of Seleki/Sállagi’, is the name given by Jóola Kaasa speakers who are more familiar with the village of Seleki/Sállagi’ than all other villages of Mof-Ávvi .
 Acquired human behaviors—that is, behaviors that people are taught—are cultural .
 I guess that's like what happens when you lose your taste buds, I don't know, olfactory nerves, I don't know .
 You can make other noises if you prefer, such as a bird cawing or an explosion sound every time a button is pushed .
 Padalecki originally auditioned for Welling's role, but gave it up in order to film a pilot titled Young MacGyver which was never picked up. [8 ]
 In 1893, Higuchi, her mother and her sister abandoned their middle class house and, with a grim determination to survive, moved to a poor neighborhood where they opened a stationery store that before long failed .
 There are also plans for new harbor facilities that will allow fisherman to sell and catch more easily and make importing food and fuel simpler .
 Gordon disliked the Russian service, complaining of the corruption and venality of Russian officials, which left him, in his own words, "almost at wits end with vexation". [2 ]
 And then there's other kids who go, na-na-na-na-za-ba-da ?
 Many of the neighborhoods are commercial centers and absolute heaven for foodies or those who seek quieter surroundings than the hustle and bustle of Downtown and Chinatown .
 Gameplay was delayed during the "third map" (third round) of the finals, when one Immortals player was caught with their headset off .
 Because then you run into things that we already know .
 Tropical vegetation includes the pandanus or screw pine, the casuarina, and the mulberry tree, the bark of which is used to make tapa cloth .
 What is the most important aspect of your background that voters should know about ?
 Yeah, and I'm supposed to read your mind and know what you're joking about .
 There are different type of lighting bulbs used at home can affect the overall lighting consumption .
 He had no name for the emptiness that remained .
 Many people choose to leave out the green, which is lime if you're using original Skittles, and purple, which is grape in the original style, as they can create a weird taste combination or a less than appealing color for the final product .
 By the way, AKMA was the first guy I know of to do something like this, with Lawrence Lessig's Free Culture .
 A third important factor is the way the event will be mediated: will NBC have its best sports broadcasters following the event after having worked the Winter Olympics ?
 However, because of poor soil and a drought that lasted nearly two centuries, their civilization declined by about 900 CE and they abandoned their large population centers .
 Importantly, studying eye movements offers an insight that does not depend on the participants’ beliefs, memories or subjective impressions of the artwork .
 Although the power of some monarchs is limited by law, and such kings and queens often rule along with an elected legislature that makes laws for the country, this is not always the case .
 To investigate this, Daniel experimented by puncturing the wall of a pipe with a small open ended straw and noted that the height to which the fluid rose up the straw was related to fluid's pressure in the pipe .
 And it probably doesn't seem that way, by the way I feel myself, but it's always just something that's in here, do you know what I mean ?
 I am the only candidate born and raised in Virginia, but also the only candidate who embodies both physically and philosophically the growing diversity of the commonwealth .
 Customer groups might need to be redefined by the entrepreneurial team on the basis of better models, knowing when to invest in developing lower-performance products that promise lower margins while still satisfying the need, and knowing when to pursue small markets at the expense of larger or established markets .
 For this reason, it's always better to practice ballet in a ballet studio under the guidance of a good instructor, who will be able to correct your positioning and make sure that you're dancing properly .
 This year alone, in brutal attacks and other circumstances, we have lost at least 80 peacekeepers, humanitarian workers and others, all of whom gave their lives serving the United Nations and trying to better the lives of others .
 When empresario Haden Edwards attempted to evict people who had settled his land grant before he gained title to it, the Mexican government nullified its agreement with him .
 It was spring, the barren time in March when you can not be sure if it is really warmer, but you are so desperate for change that you tell yourself the mud at the edge of the sidewalk is different from winter mud and you are sure that the smell of wet soil has suddenly a bit of the scent of summer rains, of grass and drowned earthworms .
 And what was the verse that we have ?
 Brahms recommended Dvořák to his publisher, Simrock, who soon afterward commissioned what became the Slavonic Dances, Op. 46 .
 You only like the ones you're featured in ?
 There's a grizzly bear and two babies that were hanging out up here .
 The hope she spoke about—the strong and happy hope— the hope we feel today, is a hope, of course, that is tempered by reality .
 If you look closely, at the base of every leaf are two tiny little leaves that will grow outwards if the stem growing between them is cut off .
 So I'm going to go in with like a different color and add in the chapters I'm gonna be studying for that, but I'm super stressed .
 Regardless of method, the winning seeker wins 30 points for his or her team, unlike the books, in which the snitch is worth 150 points .
 We just put the shoes that were already made, on a horse .
 1. Which of the following Indian peoples built homes in cliff dwellings that still exist ?
 We have unlocked the doors that for a quarter of a century stood between the United States and the People's Republic of China .
 Every single to do or things you want to do at that specific moment .
 Both arguments, as presented here, rely on the correctness of the evolutionary explanation of morality they convey .
 The current study will contribute to the development of further qualitative and quantitative research that will more clearly define the information behaviors of the transmedia fan .
 Sit down strikes which began at a significant level in the 1930’s were very threatening to management and ownership, because the sit down strike is one step before workers taking over the factory and running it and kicking out the management, and probably doing a better job .
 Well, w- um, when we put em on a horse's hoof, all we do, they're already made .
 As we look to the future, the first essential is to begin healing the wounds of this Nation, to put the bitterness and divisions of the recent past behind us and to rediscover those shared ideals that lie at the heart of our strength and unity as a great and as a free people .
 By the end, Gloria's eczema was so severe that her skin broke every time her parents changed her clothes or nappy, and in the words of the Crown prosecutor, Mark Tedeschi, QC, "Gloria spent a lot of the last five months of her life crying, irritable, scratching and the only thing that gave her solace was to suck on her mother's breast. "
 This needs more discussion obviously: we chose public domain because the texts we use are public domain and we didn't want to add new restrictions, especially not non-commercial, since already our recordings are being used for a number of commercialish projects (I can't recall any specific project names, but some pay-education sites use LV stuff) .
 We have wounded soldiers, who I love, I love — they're great — all over the place, thousands and thousands of wounded soldiers .
 All aspects of the joke you tell, from the content to the length, need to be suited to your audience .
 For example, the Instruments for Research into Second Languages (IRIS) repository (http://www.irisdatabase.org) was established in 2011 and holds, at the time of writing, over 3,800 materials that can be used for replication, among other purposes, in L2 research (Marsden & Mackey, 2014; Marsden, Mackey, & Plonsky, 2016) .
 Yesterday, North Korea fired artillery rounds aimed at a loudspeaker in South Korea that broadcasts anti-Pyongyang propaganda into the North .
 The largest of the trainers, this addition will allow visitors to actually climb aboard the trainer and experience the hands-on training that astronauts get .
 In the current study, those respondents who indicated more than one race were coded as “mixed race” .
 It serves as a reminder of the work that needs to be completed for the cross-linguistic study of SI in particular and acquisition more generally .
 Biologists think that fear causes this "hypnosis," which may be an attempt to "play dead" to fool predators .
 If both your primary and reserve chutes have malfunctioned, signal immediately to a fellow jumper who has not yet deployed their chute, waving your arms and signalling that your own is not functional .
 From 1947 to 1960, he taught at the University of California at Berkeley, where in 1952, he became Agassiz Professor of Oriental Languages .
 Jerome initially used classical authors to describe Christian concepts such as hell that indicated both his classical education and his deep shame of their associated practices, such as pederasty which was found in Rome. [citation needed ]
 The Olmec carved heads from giant boulders that ranged from four to eleven feet in height and could weigh up to fifty tons .
 Earthworms rose up from the water-laden earth where they could no longer breath and wriggled and struggled fro air on the surface, writhing and swimming for a safe haven .
 In passing this office to the Vice President, I also do so with the profound sense of the weight of responsibility that will fall on his shoulders tomorrow and, therefore, of the understanding, the patience, the cooperation he will need from all Americans .
 if the person you want to talk to doesn't want to talk to you, s/he always has the option of simply not responding to your message, as, from your point of view, this is indistinguishable from him or her simply being away from the computer .
 This is the ARES group that handles returned samples (Moon Rocks, Genesis chips, Meteorites, and Interplanetary Dust Particles collected by U2 in the stratosphere) .
 Yeah you get a percentage of the amount of countries you own, and then, for continents you get another set amount .
 Often, the entrepreneurial mindset includes futuristic ideas that shake up the normal, conventional processes that are grounded in experience over time .
 Innate human behaviors—that is, behaviors that people are born with—are biological, not cultural .
 I'm just being honest, like, I am not in a good place with the way I look .
 He described Montalvo as an individual, "facing the penitentiary in thanks for the following sins: a) Leaving a lifehood of slavery to get a taste of freedom and the world. b) Refusing - despite every provocation and incentive and threat - to frame three guys who went out of their ways (and dipped into their pockets) to help the kid achieve that freedom. "
 But there's things that I don't want to have, so like coffee, I just know that I don't want that, and all I want is beige :
 This one person who I never met took a picture of me and sent it to me in an e-mail .
 In 2007, Jared served as the host of MTV's horror reality series, Room 401, which was discontinued after only eight episodes due to poor ratings. [11 ]
 Despite how much humans have in common, cultural differences are far more prevalent than cultural universals .
 If you're a chronic procrastinator, you know the pain and stress that comes with putting things off .
 Stardust is a NASA space capsule that collected samples from comet 81P/Wild (also known as "Wild 2) in deep space and landed back on Earth on January 15, 2006 .
 This term is qualified by a further concept called a junction which represents one idea, expressed by means of two or more elements, whereas a nexus combines two ideas .
 Additionally, diversity has been shown to produce more supportive social climates and effective learning environments [4], which can facilitate the mentoring of young scientists .
 He made the common error of identifying maturity with worth, and assumed that the love he had for her as a young child must have been lacking in strength and depth .
 Because it was Burns that's been objecting to our having it .
 Near the Temple of the Feathered Serpent, graves have been uncovered that suggest humans were sacrificed for religious purposes .
 "We want to thank all of the locations that expressed an interest in one of these national treasures," said Bolden to the gathered crowd which contained many KSC employees .
 After he lost a lawsuit in which he tried to void his rice contract, Norton's public prominence faded .
 In this study we used eye-tracking in the first stage of exploring audience experience of the extensive Spanish art collections of County Durham, of which the 13 Zurbarán artworks (there are actually only 12 Zurbarán artworks, the 13th Benjamin, is a copy by Arthur Pond) are a key part of, to investigate the ways in which audiences look at Spanish art, how aesthetic experience is evaluated and whether audiences can be encouraged to approach art in different ways .
 And I am glad to be here with a mayor who follows two other distinguished mayors of this city, who carries on their tradition - Joe Clark, your United States Senator who was a great mayor of Philadelphia, and Dick Dilworth, who followed him, who was a great mayor of Philadelphia .
 Today, the threat to our democracy from the Presidency itself has ended, but the challenges we face as a nation remain .
 It came out recently they have equipment that is 30 years old .
 Construction was underway at the mosque in order to enlarge the mosque and improve crowd control, which has been a recurring problem during Mecca's pilgrimages .
 Both the Irving Independent School District and the Irving Police Department have asserted that the boy's religion and name were not a factor in the manner in which they approached the situation .
 Among his smaller works, the seventh Humoresque and the song "Songs My Mother Taught Me" are also widely performed and recorded .
 Open Education Resources coupled with innovative use of ICT in education will accelerate realization of a modern Kenya that will be a knowledge-based economy .
 The wind-roughened sea surface is associated with the increased brightness temperature (due to sea surface roughness effect), which induces regional biases when applied to different areas [32] .
 You know Kendra, y- — I don't know how many times I gotta tell you, once you lie, once you lie  —
 Tried-and-tested processes and products that have a proven history of success can be a formidable obstacle to new ideas .
 Make sure that it is a language that while speaking, you don't get a literal knot in your tongue !
 If there are disagreements about the policies to be implemented, then the group that wins the political game will make the final decision .
 When applying to the Cuban Consulate by post, there is a new charge introduced in 2011 which is a £ 25 for a non-personal transaction .
 These language measures were compared in most studies to the same measures in a different set of subjects who had not experienced a period of limited exposure [17], [18], [22], [23], or to retrospective ratings of the same subjects [21], with only one longitudinal study testing the same subjects before and after a period of limited exposure [24] .
 Mirroring Ruse’s claim, moral facts could be purged from what we assume to exist because they do not perform an important explanatory function .
 Some of that time was just lost time - I had other projects in the queue that I needed to finish .
 I believe it is our responsibility to pass on the same opportunities to future generations that were promised to us .
 Mathematician Hermann Weyl said of this testament, "This letter, if judged by the novelty and profundity of ideas it contains, is perhaps the most substantial piece of writing in the whole literature of mankind. "
 A strategy that might prove helpful is to consider how fortunate you are that life has been good to you so far .
 Suppose we have an extremely intelligent ant—a friend of the comic book superhero Ant-Man, perhaps—that has been trained to walk in a straight line .
 Those in power have little interest in their power devolving to a greater number of agents, as would occur under political institutions that were more pluralistic [16] .
 A day after, we counted how many spores were still alive .
 An exchange student who goes home after a semester abroad or a sociologist who returns from the field may find it difficult to associate with the values of their own culture after having experienced what they deem a more upright or nobler way of living .
 Citizens of Antigua and Barbuda (28 days), Barbados (28 days), Benin, Bosnia and Herzegovina, CIS (except Ukraine and Uzbekistan), Dominica, Grenada (60 days), Liechtenstein (90 days), Macedonia, Malaysia (90 days), Mongolia, Montenegro (90 days), Namibia, Singapore, Slovakia, Saint Kitts and Nevis, Saint Lucia, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, Serbia (90 days), Turkmenistan who can stay 30 days without visa .
 NASA held a ceremony commemorating the date outside the hangar, known as Orbiter Processing Facility-1, for Space Shuttle Atlantis, which is being prepped for its final mission which will be STS-135, which will be the last Space Shuttle mission .
 That's all it said .
 Hypnosis techniques that involve laying a chicken on its back may "succeed" by cutting off its air supply .
 So, I assumed oh that like maybe it was just like a sore throat gotten because I didn't bother to you know blow dry my hair .
 Second, the stylistic effects that enjambment permits are also an object of current research (Martínez Fernández, 2010) .
 A mutant is a copy of the system in which a change has been done that, in most cases, will lead to a behaviour different than expected .
 Finally, Atlantis will go on display at the Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex following the orbiter's last flight which launches June 28 .
 Considering the importance of the proper functioning of attention, because of its involvement in the regulation of thoughts and emotions, maintaining the performance of this process is very important, especially in school, where the child must acquire content in an environment full of countless distractors .
 I think it’s similar to what Colbert said to Terry Gross .
 Aside from the excellent transportation infrastructure that was completed in time for the 2004 Olympics (from new freeways to light rail systems), the city's historic center underwent serious renovation .
 Terrestrial objects, such as the book you are reading, have far too little mass to introduce any significant distortion .
 You either 1) sacrifice on breadth and don't produce the topics that won't interest advertisers, or 2) you sacrifice on quality and produce content that doesn't cost much to write .
 Then she sighed in a way that seemed to suggest she was regretting her decision to take him home .
 As the foam effect is significant at high wind speed conditions (above a threshold of 12 m/s) due to strong wave breaking, it has been corrected by numerous models; for example, the semi-empirical models [27,28] and radiative transfer equation (RTE) based models [29,30], which were developed to estimate the foam covered sea surface emissivity .
 The major exception is downtown, which is slanted at almost a 45 degree angle to the rest of the grid .
 The Beavertail Cactus (Opunitia basilares), found primarily in the Mojave Desert and northwest Mexico; can grow to be about 24 inches (60 cm) high; has pads that look like beavertails; and yields red or purple flowers from spring to early summer .
 The man who rode beside him, looking uncomfortable with his long legs, kept his gaze lowered and fixed between the ears of his plodding mule .
 This theory built on the notion of construction from traditional and pedagogical grammars rather than the rule-based formalisms that dominate most of generative grammar .
 In this case, the excellent advice offered by your instructors on assisting chute opening may be of assistance to you .
 Rathbun asserted that Scientology officials, "... plied the Sheriff's detective with a grand conspiracy theory, characterizing me as the 'anti-christ' of the church of Scientology. ... The next thing Daniel knows he's in a cell where he sat for the next 30 hours. "
 The people we talk to and interact with are also blinking constantly, so often that everyone is accustomed to ignoring it .
 The Government of the Republic of Albania will continue to constantly demonstrate its commitment to a full implementation of the standards enshrined in the United Nations and Council of Europe conventions, as well as the relevant documents of regional organizations, such as the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe, in which we are playing a very active role .
 York is an ancient cathedral city with a history that dates back to before Roman times .
 The government had overseen the construction of new railroad lines and for the first time used standardized rail tracks that allowed the North to move men and materials with greater ease .
 Having DNA-suitable material will let us see whether there are new genes, or genes turned on in different ways and at different times that help explain how these animals burrow into hard ice and then survive in the cold .
 Among Thais, there are strict rules of hierarchy that dictate how and when the wai should be given .
 I should mention parenthetically that there is a fantastic launch video — taken from the POV of the rocket on the JPL Stardust website — highly recommended — best I've ever seen — all the way from the launch pad, too .
 From all reports that I have seen, the government was well prepared for this cyclone .
 So I could not come out with a cream and tell you guys just – "You can use it on your wash-n-go's" when that would kinda go against all that I've always said on my channel, which is "Gels actually are what make your wash-n-go stay. "
 Why not run for a lower office that you would be more likely to win and effect change ?
 The alcalde sent a written record of the proceeding to a judge in Saltillo, the state capital, who decided the outcome .
 He also had a lead role in the critically acclaimed British mini-serial Dancing on the Edge, as music journalist Stanley Mitchell, for which he earned a nomination for Best Actor in a Miniseries or a Television Film at the Satellite Awards .
 That was the first night Renata didn’t come home and it doesn’t take Freud to figure out what that meant .
 In 1891 she met her future advisor who would help, she assumed, this poet-turned-fiction-writer and connect her with editors: Tosui Nakarai .
 The shape that it starts out with .
 This business model worked for producing content on topics that appeal to advertisers in languages like English that have large advertising markets .
 Keep all food stored properly in airtight containers or in places that are safe from mouse attack. [1 ]
 Jóola language varieties which are closely related to Eegimaa include Kujireray/Kuluunaay (from the village of Brin with 76% lexical similarity) and Gufiñamay (from the village of Afiniam with 74% lexical similarity (based on Lewis et al., 2014 eds.)) .
 Many companies that specialize in organic garden and home products make mice repellents that are better for the environment than traditional poisons .
 As noted earlier, all analyses were weighted according to the survey weight provided by the Add Health research staff and standard errors were corrected for the clustering and stratification that defined the sampling strategy .
 Uh, after the class is over w- over with, I'm sitting down at a table, there's a woman from — who was in the class, and two men, sitting to my right, is a table with two women there .
 So, as a further precaution, we have decided that anyone arriving in New Zealand who has been in northern Italy or South Korea who has been there in the last 14 days will be registered for self-isolation .
 Afghanistan is not one of the nations covered by President Trump's travel ban, but teams from Sudan, Iran, Libya, and Yemen, which are covered, are among the 163 teams in the competition .
 Is there a particular LibriVox book which you think stands out because of the quality, the overall effort involved, its popularity, or for some other reason ?
 This concept, that man is divinely elected to salvation, or to damnation, is the center of the predestination dogma, that later, the Geneva reformer Calvin, made the center of his teaching, and that subsequently, under other historical preconditions and circumstances, could be linked closely with a prosperous middle class, in the Netherlands, and in England .
 Various local fan organizations were there in a charitable capacity, and thousands of fans donned costumes, many of which they themselves created .
 Failed attempts are viewed as merely part of the process and seen as a very useful way to gain knowledge that moves you toward success .
 Here's a great vegan cupcake recipe to use as a base for whatever flavored icing you want to add to it .
 President Obama has an agenda that represents the far left wing of his party .
 A potential outlier is a data point that is significantly different from the other data points .
 Nida's dynamic-equivalence theory is often held in opposition to the views of philologists who maintain that an understanding of the source text (ST) can be achieved by assessing the inter-animation of words on the page, and that meaning is self-contained within the text (i.e. much more focused on achieving semantic equivalence) .
 I accidentally posted a video I meant to schedule .
 We had such a great time being back in Glacier and I hope this inspired you to come out here and see one of our most favorite national parks we've ever been to in the USA .
 I want chips, I want white toast, it's pretty much all I eat all day .
 The result that healthy ants die sooner when ingesting ROS [Reactive Oxygen Species, the group of chemicals that includes hydrogen peroxide] but infected ants die less was obtained in another way (as you have to 'force feed' the ROS, as healthy ants, when given the choice, ignore that food-source. )
 Microsoft's Internet Explorer 6 is one of the most successful software products ever as measured by its durability and the massive numbers of people who have used it .
 This is a 2017 vintage and then the Shiraz, it's known for its biasing characteristics, that what you pick up on the palette on the nose to the palate, spicy peppery flavor, has lots of great fruits and this is 2017 vintage .
 Just as concepts can be abstract or concrete, we can make a distinction between concepts that are functions of our direct experience with the world and those that are more artificial in nature .
 You remember the last time, that's what happened .
 Born in Tianjin with ancestry in Changzhou, Jiangsu province, Chao went to the United States with a Boxer Indemnity Scholarship in 1910 to study mathematics and physics at Cornell University, where he was a classmate and lifelong friend of Hu Shih, the leader of the New Culture Movement .
 Respondents were provided the opportunity to select more than one race, and those who did were asked a follow-up question regarding which category best described their racial background .
 One of the most famous plants is the dragon's blood tree “dracaena cinnabara” which exists only on Socotra and nowhere else on the Earth .
 39. “The Figures which excite in us the Ideas of Beauty, seem to be those in which there is Uniformity amidst Variety” (§ II, p. 28) .
 "That's why he did the Campbell Soup cans or the Marilyn pictures, these iconic products of American culture whether they be in film, video or actually products we consumed .
 We have some people who are great at politics; some people we give all the war stuff to; someone who is in charge of the Britney Spears story of the week — the entertainment stories .
 Barracuda and Kayangan lakes are both stunning locations, and good for snorkeling, and the island is the ancestral domain of an indigenous tribe who are managing the island in a sustainable way and keeping outsiders at a distance and offshore at night .
 Another thing non-locals don't often realize is that Cleveland's long history of industrial wealth has left it chock full of cultural riches as well as the beginnings of a "sustainable city" movement .
 Our next thoughts must be of the unknown volunteers and soldiers of freedom who, without praise or reward, have served India even unto death .
 Now more cautious, delegates to the Consultation of 1835 at San Felipe de Austin voted against declaring independence, instead drafting a statement, which became known as the Declaration of Causes, promising continued loyalty if Mexico returned to a constitutional form of government .
 I would've had trouble figuring out what this one is .
 Well, this administration's objective will be a healthy, vigorous, growing economy that provides equal opportunities for all Americans, with no barriers born of bigotry or discrimination .
 The service of India means, the service of the millions who suffer .
 With the park to park ticket we took the train to Diagon Alley and for lunch we went to the Leaky Cauldron, which has a bunch of British themed food .
 Finishing the largest item on your list of things to do will make you feel extra productive and give you the boost to do other things you’ve been pushing to the side .
 The cause is particularly close to Padalecki, who has been candid about his own struggles with depression. [20 ]
 This time you are able to write down summaries of all the important points, and you are confident you have the knowledge you need to do well on the exam .
 The number one thing that we did on our trip was we actually stayed a night in Eugene, Oregon, and we got up at like the crack of dawn and drove to Crater Lake .
 There's of course Jason, who is our editor and he's the one who writes dD .
 It was decided that a collaborative online review process would be used to "discover" the microscopically small samples the capsule collected .
 The economic ills we suffer have come upon us over several decades .
 “On the other hand,” I said, “he’s the first super we’ve had who keeps the boiler, the door buzzers, and the electrical system in perfect working order. ”
 Next came a stay of at least several months, or possibly years, with Rufinus at Aquileia, where he made many Christian friends .
 So there's nothing too special about the bed itself, but it does have a very important function, which, it has a lot of storage .
 Jens Otto Harry Jespersen or Otto Jespersen (Danish: [ʌtˢo ˈjɛsb̥ɐsn̩]; 16 July 1860 – 30 April 1943) was a Danish linguist who specialized in the grammar of the English language .
 First, our experimental subjects lived in a large enclosure under conditions that allowed them to exercise all day long .
 There are just too many possible moral truths and too many ways in which evolution could have “pushed” our moral beliefs .
 And then one of the biggest things that you should check out while you're there is Powell's which is a bookstore .
 So the first thing that I recommend you do in Portland is not actually in Portland at all .
 Well folks, now I'm going to show you something else that happens when you change the temperature, and that's where these balloons come in .
 Wear shoes that slip on and off easily .
 The fact that these criteria are widely known, however, offers an opportunity to those who would use them for deception, witting or unwitting .
 Steven jiggled the handle that stuck out beyond your front teeth like some metallic duck’s bill, turning and twisting it most professionally and murmuring encouragements .
 A moment comes, which comes but rarely in history, when we step out from the old to the new, when an age ends, and when the soul of a nation, long suppressed, finds utterance .
 His nostalgic poems about his Harrow friendships, Childish Recollections (1806), express a prescient "consciousness of sexual differences that may in the end make England untenable to him." [23 ]
 And the images we will see today are a testament to the amazing work done by the thousands of workers across our nation who dedicated years to this project .
 There's even horsetail in here, which is amazing for hair growth .
 The whore reason prefers to submit to the Devil, adjusts to all situations, and proves everything, that is demanded of her .
 But it will make a tremendous–take a tremendous step toward–or to stop the violence, stem the suffering and start to build a healthier, better relationship between law enforcement and communities that they respect .
 A runway that provides fairly regular airline transportation was only constructed in 1999 .
 The study of how people, as fans, access and manage information within a transmedia system provides valuable insight that contributes not only to practitioners and scholars of the media industry, but to the wider context of cultural studies, by offering findings on this new model of the fan as consumer and information-user .
 Place near entrances and in places where mice seem to go .
 In the 62nd minute Kim Min-Woo conceded a penalty which the match referee Joel Aguilar awarded Sweden after confirming with the video assistant referee .
 I am the only candidate who has studied both economics and law, and the only candidate with a background in technology entrepreneurship .
 There are several campsites that allow tourists to barbeque on the beach with beautiful mountain views in the background .
 In the eyes of many in the world, this every 4-year ceremony we accept as normal is nothing less than a miracle .
 No doubt his decisions were perfectly logical in his own eyes — even the one that prompted him, a patriotic islander, to bring me a tutor from Bain: Master Lunre, an Olondrian .
 While much of this chapter will cover very specific aspects about the act of learning, in this section, we will present different information that may at first seem unrelated .
 Like I didn't even think I would be able to wake up for my 8:15 a.m. yoga class that I signed up for, but I am awake .
 It was pretty much the first thing he told us when, as first years, we were all bunched together in the unfamiliar dusty classroom .
 The first challenge that we have before can do any kind of analysis of these interstellar dust particles is simply to find them .
 Some humans who have, for various reasons, become aware of their impending death, develop psychological coping strategies to deal with this; for instance, the Kubler-Ross phases of grief .
 Continually moving southward, the settlers eventually populated both North and South America, creating unique cultures that ranged from the highly complex and urban Aztec civilization in what is now Mexico City to the woodland tribes of eastern North America .
 Well, I think it was Barbara that has some seeds .
 Padalecki won Fox Broadcasting's 1999 "Claim to Fame Contest"; he subsequently appeared at the Teen Choice Awards, where he met an agent. [5 ]
 Get feedback from researchers on possible subjects, based on the knowledge and skills they feel librarians need ;
 That's what I was try — That's what I was trying to say .
 Johann Bernoulli also plagiarized some key ideas from Daniel's book Hydrodynamica in his own book Hydraulica which he backdated to before Hydrodynamica .
 Just yesterday we switched over to a new site which has a demo of the VM (virtual microscope) I invite you to check it out .
 A viable economy requires an institutional structure that reduces existing uncertainty and guarantees property rights .
 That's what I did !
 Tourists can choose to purchase camping tour packages which include a driver or guide that will show tourists around the beaches as well as provide meals during their stay .
 and jokes requiring specialized knowledge (of, for example, science or old movies) will only be appreciated by people who possess that knowledge .
 It’s—it’s—anyway, I don’t want to—I’ll see what they think when we see this .
 I've got an ironing board, all of my suitcases, socks, clothes that I don't wear that often, anything that I need for fixing the house like screwdrivers, drills, nails, all these things that I definitely wouldn't want to have laid out in my room, but I still need somewhere in the house .
 Cross-clause enjambment: Between a noun antecedent and the pronoun heading the relative clause that complements the antecedent .
 Some disciplines, like political science, are organized around a single professional society, whose membership roll approximates a full census [7] .
 Eugene A. Nida (November 11, 1914 – August 25, 2011) was a linguist who developed the dynamic-equivalence Bible-translation theory and one of the founders of the modern discipline of Translation Studies .
 "I'm told two things: that it's neither classified nor secret and that it's stuff that could be available under access to information," Baird said .
 Although no one knows what happened to the Olmec after about 400 BCE, in part because the jungle reclaimed many of their cities, their culture was the base upon which the Maya and the Aztec built .
 It's life-changing, and so for the first couple of weeks that's all I could focus on, was how life-changing it was and it was really scary .
 The single most costly thing we spend on is rent and advertising, those two together make up the bulk of what we spend .
 The Polaroid format is not what made Warhol famous, however, he is in the company of other well-known photographers who used the camera, such as Ansel Adams, Chuck Close, Walker Evans, Robert Mapplethorpe, and Helmut Newton .
 Yep, we like to just make our own original content, and, yep, that's what we wanted to do .
 The way cuisines vary across cultures fascinates many people .
 And thank you, my dear friend and our outstanding NASA Administrator and the guy—the only guy here who’s been in space, Bill Nelson .
 This is in the Luther book some of you are reading, and um, if you, this evening when you go home, if you wanna meditate it on more, on – on it more, it's on page three eleven .
 This conjecture is also supported by other letters Galois later wrote to his friends the night before he died .
 In this paper, we report upon the novel insights eye-tracking techniques have provided into the unconscious processes of viewing the unique collection of Zurbarán artworks .
 The severe concerns underpinning the alleged crisis have several dimensions relating to: (a) the (small) amount of published replication research; (b) the (poor) quality of replication research; and (c) the (lack of) reproducibility, which refers to the extent to which findings can (not) be reproduced in replication attempts that have been undertaken .
 That's the one that's ten days older than  –
 So that brings us to the next product, which is my curl defining jelly .
 So uh your uncle then wrote uh Builders uh a letter, that's what I'm reading now .
 File image of Space Shuttle Atlantis lifting off, which approaches its last mission before retirement .
 Gordon was brought up and remained a lifelong Roman Catholic, at a time when the Church was being persecuted in Scotland, which had become Calvinist .
 Why should I bother my child with memory when he can buy a computer that will remember everything you asked him to remember ?
 Over here on the wall, these are posters that I actually bought back in 2013 in my first year of university in Toronto, and I really really liked them so I've kept them around .
 Nevertheless, the past is over and it is the future that beckons us now .
 My friend Andrea is a biology major so we did stop to look at many slugs that were on the ground and I did beeline it away from the slugs .
 To do this, choose pads (the flat, oval-shaped sections that make up a cactus) that are 6 months old or older and cut them at the base .
 In his observations of pin factories, Smith noticed that one worker alone might make 20 pins in a day, but that a small business of 10 workers (some of whom would need to complete two or three of the 18 tasks involved with pin-making), could make 48,000 pins in a day .
 So with gels – a lot of times you will find gels that kinda, like, dry out your hair .
 Somehow we’ve weathered and witnessed a nation that isn’t broken but simply unfinishe d
 With this agricultural revolution, and the more abundant and reliable food supplies it brought, populations grew and people were able to develop a more settled way of life, building permanent settlements .
 In support of the second claim, we show that Huh? meets the criteria of a word in the sense of being a conventional lexical sign which must be learnt .
 All you do is like go, t- two over one .
 Countries that are colored yellow are monarchies where the people play little part in governing .
 Peace is said to be indivisible, so is freedom, so is prosperity now, and also is disaster in this one world that can no longer be split into isolated fragments .
 Cyclone Phailin has winds that have been measured at 200 km / h, as it surges over land will it begin to lose strength ?
 This is the largest island, where Neiafu is found .
 Even though the number of Americans who believe in God far outweighs the number who do not, the minority is still protected .
 Whitmore told LA Weekly that on October 6 after traveling back from Florida, Montalvo "walked into lobby of the East L.A. station and turned himself in", and told the police, "everything he did" .
 Countries that are colored blue have some form of representative democracy, although the people may not have as much political power as they do in the United States .
 Those who were tripped were then crushed by the wave of people behind them .
 The day before the outbreak of World War II, Łódź was inhabited by approximately 672,000 people, among whom 35% were of Jewish faith and some 15% were ethnic German .
 That is the tradition of honest, progressive democratic government that Mayor Tate carries on .
 I also have a profile they fill out for me, a mini-MMPI that I developed, so that I have an idea -- Rebecca and I put it togethe r
 How can a group of workers, each specializing in certain tasks, produce so much more than the same number of workers who try to produce the entire good or service by themselves ?
 To "route out" in Scientology jargon refers to the member who wishes to leave proceeding through a set of interrogative exit interviews while attached to the Scientology device called the E-meter .
 You’re leaning on the railing, waiting to ask Derya about a job, watching the glittering stream of mites that arc over half the sky — flying up to rewind their nanosprings in the stratospheric sunlight, flying down to make Frankfurt run .
 Such arguments, on the contrary, necessarily appeared to Luther, given his theological orientation, as suspicious, from the very start, because they originated from human nature, which exalted itself against God .
 At times, even those who work in academia may be unsure of a particular journal’s legitimacy, and there are genuine borderline cases .
 Cornyn's statement added, "There is no question Houston should have been selected as a final home for one of the orbiters — even Administrator Bolden stated as much .
 The pattern of our sustained economic growth, which is at 6 to 7 per cent for the seventh consecutive year, is a good support base for the whole society to maintain higher standards of respect for human rights and to fight poverty and crime .
 Well that's what the – I mean that's what  –
 Warhol was close to important touchstones of the 1960s, including art, music, consumer culture, fashion, and celebrity worship, which were all buzzwords and images Wikinews observed at USI's opening exhibit .
 An overwhelming number of young people were at the forefront of this enormous tide, which started in Tunisia and Egypt .
 However, in the mid-1980s, Cleveland earned the nickname the "Comeback City" as the urban core experienced a dramatic revitalization process that continues today .
 Who's the party being s- served ?
 By now I'm sure you're wondering about the different things that I have on the table here, but first, I would like to talk to you about these three items .
 When you have a looming project that's bogging you down and making you unproductive in other areas, tackle it first .
