the interesting budget that was managed by the gentle assistant astonished the management .
the proposals that were managed by the really eager assistants shocked the management last month .
the really green butterfly that was chased by the really gentle toddlers consoled the kid last month .
the secrets that were enthusiastically welcomed by the anxious team upset the management last month .
the revolution that was welcomed by the team misled the extremely gentle crowd last year .
the truth that was welcomed by the eager crowd last month shaped the interesting proposal .
the scary revolution that was welcomed by the gentle gathering sabotaged the proposal quickly .
the quite shocking truth that was welcomed by the anxious team last year divided the remarkable union .
the secret that was welcomed by the crowd last year scarred the cheery student last year .
the remarkable paper that was googled by the student inspired the quite nervous painters last year .
the paper that was googled by my cousins last year spread the idea quickly .
the gorgeous sculpture that was displayed by the library last year helped the quite scary movement .
the quite remarkable principle that was easily reviewed by the clinician improved the rather convenient formula sadly .
the equation that was reviewed by the lively scientists challenged the extremely convenient principle last year .
the methods that were reviewed by the scary clinician fixed the really disastrous flaws urgently .
the eager management that was astonished by the shocking assertion thanked the quite eager clerk .
the really uptight manager that was astonished by the unexpected victory conducted the shocking audit .
the teacher that was enthusiastically hugged by the cheery child enthusiastically cooked the extremely tasty chicken .
the proposal that was managed by the nervous clerk enthusiastically astonished the management last year .
the really young teacher that was hugged by the kids neglected the child last month .
the rather intriguing program that was managed by the assistant astonished the quite eager manager last week .
the program that was managed by the assistants shocked the manager last year .
the bug that was chased by the toddler consoled the kids last week .
the protests that were welcomed by the eager team sabotaged the program last year .
the conspiracy that was welcomed by the startled crowd last year rapidly scarred the professor .
the rebellion that was welcomed by the ambitious employees last year upset the manager .
the secrets that were welcomed by the gentle team shaped the program .
the terrible secrets that were welcomed by the employees rapidly divided the countries .
the scandalous movement that was happily welcomed by the nervous team misled the rather startled crowd last year .
the articles that were googled by my colleagues last year inspired the professor last year .
the papers that were googled by the cheerful professor spread the news rapidly .
the novel that was displayed by the museum last year initiated the really aggressive protests .
the sculptures that were displayed by the beautiful museums helped the protests last year .
the formula that was happily reviewed by the cheerful physicists challenged the really convenient principle .
the quite popular principle that was reviewed by the clinicians efficiently fixed the error .
the popular principle that was reviewed by the clinicians efficiently gloomily improved the extremely convenient equation .
the CEOs that were astonished by the quite sudden success last year trusted the gentle assistants .
the really lively teacher that was happily hugged by the short preschooler filled the cups .
the intriguing plan that was managed by the secretary astonished the rude managers last year .
the extremely cheerful teacher that was hugged by the rather short preschooler efficiently tied the shiny thread .
the plan that was managed by the secretaries enthusiastically shocked the politician last year .
the programs that were effortlessly managed by the timid secretary astonished the extremely uptight politicians .
the bugs that were chased by the nervous child last month consoled the kid .
the conspiracy that was welcomed by the team last month shaped the projects last year .
the conspiracies that were welcomed by the quite timid employees last month sabotaged the project quickly .
the revolution that was welcomed by the extremely startled team upset the quite anxious politician .
the movement that was welcomed by the talented gathering last year misled the rather anxious team .
the really shocking secret that was welcomed by the employee scarred my sibling .
the conspiracy that was welcomed by the gathering divided the popular country quickly .
the movies that were googled by my partners last month spread the information .
the outrageous papers that were promptly googled by my sibling inspired the rather obnoxious professor .
the novel that was displayed by the beautiful museum last year helped the shocking protests last year .
the beautiful painting that was displayed by the libraries initiated the protests enthusiastically .
the really popular equation that was reviewed by the physician effortlessly challenged the procedures last month .
the method that was reviewed by the timid nurses promptly fixed the error .
the popular procedure that was reviewed by the researcher effortlessly improved the quite convenient formula enthusiastically .
the politician that was astonished by the jobs last year sanctioned the projects promptly .
the talented politician that was astonished by the achievements last year considered the project last year .
the really young guardians that were enthusiastically hugged by the really cheerful kid confiscated the quite pretty rock last month .
the interesting plans that were managed by the assistant enthusiastically astonished the politicians .
the interesting proposals that were managed by the receptionist shocked the CEO .
the quite interesting proposal that was managed by the resourceful clerk astonished the obnoxious CEO last month .
the ball that was chased by the witty preschooler last month consoled the kid .
the rather outrageous truth that was welcomed by the crowd last month upset the CEO .
the truth that was welcomed by the employee sabotaged the project rapidly .
the terrible conspiracy that was welcomed by the employees enthusiastically shaped the quite interesting project .
the movement that was welcomed by the petrified team misled the really eager employee .
the conspiracies that were welcomed by the crowd enthusiastically divided the popular nation last week .
the outrageous conspiracy that was welcomed by the employees last month scarred the student .
the movie that was googled by the teenagers rapidly spread the interesting information .
the book that was promptly googled by my colleague inspired the student .
the sculptures that were displayed by the majestic museums initiated the popular rebellion enthusiastically .
the majestic novel that was displayed by the library helped the rebellion .
the method that was reviewed by the scientist fixed the disastrous flaws rapidly .
the principle that was reviewed by the witty scientist enthusiastically improved the formula .
the useful formula that was reviewed by the modest doctor challenged the popular principles .
the obnoxious manager that was astonished by the interesting jobs trusted the modest receptionists last month .
the CEOs that were astonished by the unexpected achievement watched the rebellion .
the parent that was enthusiastically hugged by the modest toddler kissed the modest chefs .
the projects that were managed by the extremely modest assistant efficiently astonished the CEO .
the interesting budgets that were eagerly managed by the receptionists shocked the resourceful principal .
the extremely interesting budget that was managed by the receptionist astonished the principals last week .
the kite that was chased by the kid consoled the young child .
the secrets that were welcomed by the employees yesterday scarred the painter rapidly .
the movement that was welcomed by the quite ambitious team shaped the interesting plan yesterday .
the protest that was welcomed by the shy team last week upset the principal .
the movement that was welcomed by the fearful crowd sabotaged the plan last week .
the quite scandalous secret that was welcomed by the employees divided the remarkable countries .
the protest that was welcomed by the employee misled the rather ambitious team last week .
the movie that was googled by the professor inspired the painters last week .
the article that was urgently googled by my sibling rapidly spread the information .
the rather beautiful sculptures that were displayed by the library last week helped the protest last week .
the procedure that was reviewed by the really resourceful physicist effortlessly improved the formula .
the quite convenient proofs that were reviewed by the scientist challenged the remarkable principles .
the principle that was reviewed by the quite shy scientist fixed the fatal errors effortlessly .
the quite resourceful principal that was astonished by the extremely unanticipated achievement last week controlled the plan yesterday .
the guardian that was hugged by the kids covered the rather green bottles yesterday .
the budgets that were effortlessly managed by the really modest secretaries astonished the principal yesterday .
the chubby guardian that was hugged by the toddler eagerly fried the quite delicious potato .
the rather interesting budget that was managed by the secretaries astonished the principal .
my modest friends that were admired by the extremely witty parent rapidly rolled the cloth .
my sibling that was admired by my witty friends last week emptied the blue glass gloomily .
the modest parent that was admired by the quite modest guardian yesterday filled the red glasses yesterday .
the parent that was admired by my colleague yesterday confiscated the pretty stone last week .
the parents that were admired by my friend last week opened the rather blue gates .
the parent that was admired by the quite timid guardians yesterday covered the pretty glasses .
my really witty partner that was admired by my friend dropped the glasses reluctantly .
my colleagues that were admired by the guardian yesterday wearily cut the cloth .
my sibling that was admired by the really cheerful guardians last week spilled the fresh water .
my rude colleague that was admired by my partner yesterday stretched the cloth .
the cheerful parents that were admired by the guardians yesterday passed the extremely delicious fish rapidly .
my surly sibling that was admired by my partners yesterday inhaled the fatal fumes .
my friend that was admired by the parents yesterday accepted the quite intriguing job eagerly .
my friend that was admired by the guardian achieved her worthwhile ambition .
the parent that was admired by my rude colleague fried the delicious fish .
the parent that was admired by my partners tied the ropes .
my siblings that were admired by my partner fancied my quite surly colleague yesterday .
the parent that was admired by the guardian happily closed the gate .
my friend that was admired by my quite merry partners last week eagerly decorated the blue gate .
my short partner that was admired by my quite modest colleague married my friends wearily .
the petrified giraffes that were attacked by the lions effortlessly escaped the terrifying tigers .
the really famous cities that were expanded by the contractor protected the fearful squirrel last week .
the program that was effortlessly managed by the quite timid secretaries astonished the ambitious CEOs yesterday .
the fish that was tasted by the modest chef happily satisfied my merry colleagues last week .
the teenagers that were paid by the principal insulted the CEOs last week .
my really rude sibling that was admired by my merry friend last week achieved her ambition effortlessly .
the jar that was emptied by the extremely timid guardian satisfied my shy colleagues last week .
my partners that were admired by my friend achieved her quite worthy ambitions .
the halls that were rapidly expanded by the contractors protected the fearful squirrel .
the jars that were emptied by the modest parent satisfied my surly colleague last week .
my obnoxious partners that were admired by my siblings last week achieved her extremely worthy ambition .
the city that was rapidly expanded by the architects protected the squirrels yesterday .
the shiny cup that was emptied by my colleagues satisfied my timid partners .
the modest guardians that were admired by the witty parents last week cleaned the quite purple glass eagerly .
the cup that was rapidly emptied by the quite cheerful guardian satisfied my extremely merry colleagues yesterday .
the pretty parent that was admired by my extremely merry colleague last week cleaned the really shiny glass last week .
the blue cup that was emptied by the guardians satisfied my merry colleagues .
my extremely surly colleague that was admired by the guardian yesterday effortlessly achieved her extremely admirable ambition .
the jars that were emptied by my quite witty siblings satisfied my really obnoxious colleagues .
the really cheerful guardian that was admired by the parent cleaned the shiny glasses .
the extremely purple bottle that was emptied by my chubby colleague satisfied my witty partners .
my shy colleagues that were admired by my sibling achieved his ambition .
the witty guardians that were admired by the merry parent cleaned the rather blue glasses .
the bottles that were emptied by my sibling satisfied my extremely short colleague yesterday .
my extremely shy partner that was admired by my quite rude friend achieved her ambition .
the parent that was admired by the guardians eagerly cleaned the glass .
the cups that were emptied by my chubby friends satisfied my colleague yesterday .
the extremely timid parent that was admired by the quite shy guardians last week cleaned the glasses gloomily .
the glasses that were happily emptied by the guardian satisfied my colleague last week .
my quite shy friend that was admired by my rude colleagues rapidly achieved his ambition .
my cousin that was admired by the guardian easily rolled the cloth .
the parent that was admired by my modest cousins covered the pretty glasses yesterday .
my cousin that was admired by the guardian chewed the chicken .
the guardians that were admired by my cousin yesterday moved the pretty pebbles .
my really chubby cousins that were admired by the guardian last month hung the clothes .
my merry partner that was admired by the parents yesterday enthusiastically bought the clothes .
my surly sibling that was admired by my cousin yesterday inhaled the fumes .
my sibling that was admired by my quite witty cousin last month decorated the yellow gates .
my obnoxious cousins that were admired by the parent wanted the tasty cakes yesterday .
my tall cousins that were admired by the skinny guardian emptied the blue glass .
the really timid parents that were admired by the guardian closed the really yellow gate quickly .
my cousins that were admired by the witty parents spilled the water last month .
the guardian that was admired by my siblings last month opened the gate .
my extremely merry sibling that was admired by my cousin last month fancied my really modest partners .
the parent that was admired by the guardians yesterday sorted the pebble eagerly .
my extremely cheery partners that were admired by my cousin entered the buildings .
the pretty parents that were admired by the rather chubby guardians yesterday cooked the delicious chicken quickly .
my modest partners that were admired by my cousins last month remorsefully congratulated the obnoxious management .
my sibling that was admired by my cousin approached the building .
my sibling that was admired by my merry cousin stretched the rather blue clothes .
the thief that was attacked by the lions easily escaped the rather terrifying tiger .
the proposal that was effortlessly managed by the clerk astonished the management last month .
the receptionist that was enthusiastically thanked by the management submitted the project .
the clerks that were thanked by the obnoxious principal enthusiastically guarded the really interesting projects .
the timid clerks that were thanked by the extremely surly artist easily managed the project .
the receptionists that were thanked by the obnoxious principal paid the students remorsefully .
the really shy clerk that was thanked by the management reported the disastrous flaw urgently .
the clerk that was thanked by the driven principals phoned the anxious management last month .
the driven clerks that were thanked by the surly management suggested the extremely shocking process eagerly .
the timid receptionist that was thanked by the talented politicians managed the project .
the competent receptionist that was thanked by the politician managed the quite interesting project eagerly .
the clerks that were thanked by the obnoxious management enthusiastically managed the project eagerly .
the rather shy clerk that was thanked by the anxious principal last month managed the exciting projects .
the resourceful receptionists that were thanked by the management enthusiastically managed the interesting projects .
the clerk that was thanked by the management yesterday managed the project eagerly .
the receptionist that was thanked by the politician enthusiastically managed the project .
the clerks that were thanked by the management managed the project easily .
the clerk that was thanked by the driven principal managed the projects eagerly .
the clerks that were thanked by the management last month easily managed the project .
the clerk that was thanked by the really surly principal managed the exciting project .
the extremely anxious clerks that were eagerly thanked by the rather obnoxious principal managed the exciting project .
the competent receptionists that were thanked by the management yesterday managed the interesting projects effortlessly .
the receptionists that were eagerly thanked by the obnoxious management effortlessly managed the extremely interesting project .
the receptionist that was thanked by the extremely obnoxious principal last month managed the projects .
the receptionist that was thanked by the management eagerly effortlessly managed the project .
the receptionists that were thanked by the quite obnoxious politician yesterday managed the project enthusiastically .
the talented clerk that was thanked by the management managed the extremely interesting project easily .
the clerks that were thanked by the management managed the exciting project .
the shy receptionist that was thanked by the quite surly principal managed the interesting project enthusiastically .
the receptionists that were thanked by the obnoxious principal last month enthusiastically managed the project .
the really shiny stone that was stored by the toddler eagerly cracked the glasses yesterday .
the cats that were saved by the short toddler yesterday inhabited the really majestic mountain .
the petrified deer that was captured by the bear rapidly escaped the tiger easily .
the quite enjoyable fish that was sampled by the waitress satisfied my colleagues .
the enjoyable potato that was happily sampled by the waitress satisfied my colleague .
the chicken that was happily sampled by the modest waitresses satisfied the skinny preschoolers last week .
the enjoyable potato that was sampled by the driven waitress happily satisfied my colleagues .
the cake that was sampled by the waitress satisfied the preschooler .
the chocolates that were happily sampled by the really gentle chef satisfied my colleagues last week .
the extremely enjoyable cakes that were sampled by the waitresses satisfied the preschooler .
the cake that was sampled by the really resourceful chefs satisfied the preschooler .
the delicious chicken that was eagerly sampled by the waitresses satisfied my colleague last week .
the really delicious cake that was happily sampled by the chef satisfied the tall preschooler .
the quite enjoyable chicken that was hated by the gentle preschooler satisfied the shy toddler .
the fish that was hated by the preschoolers satisfied the quite gentle toddler yesterday .
the chicken that was hated by the merry preschooler satisfied my colleagues last week .
the rather delicious potatoes that were hated by the toddler satisfied my shy colleagues last week .
the delicious fish that was hated by the skinny preschoolers last week satisfied the skinny toddlers .
the rather enjoyable fish that was hated by the witty preschooler satisfied my rather skinny colleagues yesterday .
the potatoes that were hated by the toddler yesterday satisfied my gentle colleague .
the fish that was hated by the really modest preschooler satisfied the toddler last week .
the chicken that was hated by the rather shy toddler satisfied the preschooler last week .
the really rich fish that was hated by the chubby toddler satisfied the lively preschooler .
the rather rich fish that was hated by the witty toddler yesterday satisfied the really tall preschooler yesterday .
the potato that was hated by the really merry preschooler yesterday satisfied my cheery colleagues last week .
the extremely rich chicken that was hated by the lively preschooler satisfied my modest colleague .
the fish that was hated by the modest preschoolers last week satisfied my colleagues .
the delicious chicken that was hated by the really gentle toddlers satisfied my colleague .
the quite enjoyable fish that was hated by the preschoolers last week satisfied my really modest colleague yesterday .
the quite rich fish that was hated by the short toddlers yesterday satisfied my shy colleague .
the rich chicken that was hated by the preschoolers satisfied my shy colleagues .
the enjoyable fish that was hated by the preschooler satisfied the toddler yesterday .
the fish that was hated by the toddler satisfied the quite short preschoolers yesterday .
the delicious chicken that was hated by the modest toddler last week satisfied my colleagues .
the enjoyable chicken that was hated by the preschooler satisfied my colleague .
the rather enjoyable chicken that was hated by the toddler satisfied the preschoolers last week .
the enjoyable potato that was hated by the preschooler satisfied my extremely surly colleague .
the rather rich fish that was hated by the toddler satisfied my colleague last week .
the delicious chicken that was hated by the toddlers satisfied my shy colleague .
the rich chicken that was hated by the extremely gentle preschooler yesterday satisfied the lively toddlers .
the quite rich chicken that was hated by the skinny preschooler yesterday satisfied the toddler yesterday .
the rather rich potatoes that were hated by the quite witty toddler satisfied my rather rude colleagues last week .
the chicken that was hated by the preschooler satisfied my merry colleague last week .
the enjoyable potato that was hated by the extremely lively toddler yesterday satisfied my quite witty colleague last week .
the delicious fish that was hated by the quite short toddlers last week satisfied the quite skinny preschoolers last week .
the potatoes that were hated by the preschoolers yesterday satisfied my chubby colleague yesterday .
the really enjoyable fish that was hated by the toddler satisfied the rather shy preschoolers last week .
the rich chicken that was hated by the short preschooler satisfied the really lively toddler last week .
the rather delicious chicken that was hated by the chubby preschoolers satisfied the short toddlers yesterday .
the really enjoyable fish that was hated by the preschooler satisfied the chubby toddler last week .
the tall teachers that were admired by the guardian yesterday folded the quite blue cloth happily .
the gentle teacher that was admired by the guardians yesterday confiscated the quite shiny stone yesterday .
the shy teachers that were admired by the rather cheerful guardians last year cleaned the yellow glass .
the merry teacher that was admired by my merry partner painted the yellow window .
the quite gentle teacher that was admired by the guardian refused the really tasty chicken halfheartedly .
my timid partners that were admired by my siblings dropped the stone sadly .
the guardian that was admired by my friend fried the chicken .
my siblings that were admired by my cousin yesterday accompanied the tall guardians happily .
the quite nervous guardians that were admired by my surly partner hung the clothes .
the pretty guardians that were admired by the teachers sorted the stones .
the guardian that was admired by my partner last year quickly passed the cake .
my siblings that were admired by my cousins last year explored the cities eagerly .
the teachers that were admired by my shy partner last year moved the stone remorsefully .
my chubby partner that was admired by my friends halfheartedly approached the cities .
the rather pretty guardians that were admired by the teacher yesterday filled the glass yesterday .
the teacher that was admired by my short cousin covered the glass last year .
my siblings that were admired by my cheery partners yesterday bought the rich cakes eagerly .
my rather shy sibling that was admired by my partner entered the cities quickly .
my cousins that were admired by my quite cheery partner congratulated the merry researcher .
my friends that were admired by my partner married my siblings last year .
the deer that was attacked by the scary tiger last year escaped the lion effortlessly .
the city that was expanded by the ambitious builders protected the startled cat last year .
the painter that was paid by the principal last year insulted the extremely driven management .
the jars that were cleaned by the guardians satisfied my quite skinny sibling last year .
the coin that was effortlessly moved by the guardian cracked the glass .
the jar that was eagerly emptied by the quite short teacher satisfied my skinny sibling .
the cheerful guardian that was admired by the cheerful teacher last year cleaned the glasses yesterday .
the remarkable halls that were expanded by the architect protected the cat yesterday .
the jar that was emptied by my quite tall partner eagerly satisfied my rude siblings yesterday .
the really cheerful teachers that were admired by the guardian moved the stones .
the city that was expanded by the really talented architects protected the fearful cat last year .
the purple glasses that were quickly emptied by the gentle teacher satisfied my surly siblings .
the quite lively teacher that was admired by the chubby guardians moved the glass .
the guardian that was admired by the shy teacher cleaned the rather pretty glass .
the shiny bottle that was remorsefully emptied by the quite tall teacher satisfied my sibling yesterday .
the chubby guardians that were admired by the tall teacher cleaned the glass .
the shiny glass that was emptied by the quite merry teacher satisfied my shy siblings .
the guardians that were admired by the teachers cleaned the yellow glass .
the glasses that were eagerly emptied by my cousin satisfied my short siblings last year .
the guardians that were admired by the rather skinny teachers cleaned the glass yesterday .
the bottle that was emptied by my cousin quickly satisfied my siblings yesterday .
the teacher that was admired by the guardian yesterday remorsefully cleaned the rather yellow glass .
the guardians that were admired by the teacher yesterday moved the rather blue glasses .
the jar that was emptied by my rather uptight partner reluctantly satisfied my siblings .
the teacher that was admired by the gentle guardians happily moved the glasses .
the teachers that were admired by the rather chubby guardians last year halfheartedly cleaned the purple glasses .
the yellow jars that were quickly emptied by my surly cousin satisfied my extremely rude sibling .
the skinny guardian that was admired by the teachers yesterday cleaned the glass .
the really blue bottles that were emptied by the guardians satisfied my sibling .
the young guardian that was admired by the teachers yesterday moved the really pretty glasses happily .
my timid cousin that was admired by my colleagues folded the extremely blue clothes efficiently .
my cousin that was admired by my nervous friend last month emptied the glass .
my extremely tall partners that were admired by my colleagues bought the cloth .
my extremely lively colleagues that were admired by my cheerful cousins accompanied my rather nervous friend .
my cheery partner that was admired by my cousin last year rolled the clothes .
my friends that were admired by my short partner last month sadly kissed the anxious chef .
my skinny colleague that was admired by my quite cheerful friend married my cousins .
my short friend that was admired by my cousin stirred the water .
my cousin that was admired by my extremely rude colleague last year chewed the chicken enthusiastically .
my partner that was admired by my extremely uptight friend filled the glass last year .
my colleague that was admired by my pretty partners spilled the water last month .
the deer that was attacked by the really fierce police escaped the extremely aggressive tigers .
the bacon that was tasted by the chef last month satisfied my extremely short colleague .
the assistant that was thanked by the student suggested the policy .
the assistant that was enthusiastically thanked by the talented manager phoned the CEOs .
the driven assistants that were thanked by the quite uptight managers last year resolved the flaw .
the anxious clerks that were thanked by the CEO reported the flaw .
the jars that were emptied by my cousins satisfied my timid colleagues .
the blue jar that was emptied by my friend satisfied my colleagues .
the blue jars that were emptied by my rude partners sadly satisfied my colleague last month .
the glass that was emptied by my pretty cousins reluctantly satisfied my colleagues .
the purple jars that were quickly emptied by my uptight friends satisfied my colleague last month .
the really shiny glasses that were enthusiastically emptied by my partner satisfied my colleagues last year .
the cup that was gloomily emptied by my short cousin satisfied my rude colleague .
the jar that was sadly emptied by my tall cousins satisfied my colleagues .
the jars that were emptied by my rude colleagues satisfied my cousin last month .
the yellow jar that was emptied by my quite gentle friend satisfied my cheerful colleagues .
the cups that were happily emptied by my cousin satisfied my really witty colleague last month .
the blue cup that was quickly emptied by my timid friend satisfied my colleague .
the really pretty cups that were emptied by my cousins satisfied my colleagues .
the cup that was emptied by my partner satisfied my colleague last month .
the shiny jar that was emptied by my colleagues satisfied my cousin last year .
the cup that was emptied by my friends satisfied my colleague .
the quite yellow glass that was emptied by my colleagues satisfied my rather short cousin last year .
the jars that were emptied by my timid friends quickly satisfied my rather skinny colleague .
the shiny glass that was emptied by my friend satisfied my nervous colleague .
the really shiny cups that were emptied by my pretty colleagues happily satisfied my really witty cousin .
the glass that was emptied by my partner satisfied my gentle colleagues .
the pretty cup that was emptied by my cheery partner satisfied my rude colleagues .
the cup that was emptied by my pretty friend satisfied my timid colleague .
the jar that was emptied by my friend enthusiastically satisfied my colleague last year .
the cups that were emptied by my colleagues satisfied my cousin last year .
the cup that was emptied by my extremely witty colleagues satisfied my pretty cousins .
the pretty cups that were enthusiastically emptied by my gentle colleague satisfied my rather uptight cousin .
the glass that was enthusiastically emptied by my colleague satisfied my cousin last year .
the shiny jar that was emptied by my friends satisfied my quite rude colleagues last year .
the shiny cup that was emptied by my witty partners satisfied my colleague last year .
the extremely purple jar that was emptied by my partners quickly satisfied my colleagues last month .
the shiny glass that was emptied by my tall cousin wearily satisfied my skinny colleague last month .
the shiny glasses that were emptied by my friends enthusiastically satisfied my colleague .
